39255.txt	IT and Business Transformation Consulting Services * French summary below * Résumé en français ci-dessous RFP Title – IT and Business Transformation Consulting Services Scope of Work – This Request for Proposals ("RFP") is an invitation to prospective proponents to submit proposals for the provision of consulting services specializing in IT Strategy and Alignment and in Transformation Strategies Development and Strategic Planning. This RFP is issued by Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario as represented by the Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario (the "Commission"). The AGCO is planning a significant transformation to the way services and programs are delivered internally and to our customers and externally to our stakeholders. The transformation agenda is being developed through Executive Committee working sessions and supported by an internal Integration Team, the Project Management Office and the Strategic Policy Unit, as well as the project managers responsible for current change projects. Issue Date – December 29, 2011, Toronto Time Proponent's Deadline for Questions – 2:00 p.m., January 12, 2012 Deadline for Issuing Addenda – 2:00 p.m., January 13, 2012 Proposal Submission Deadline – 2:00 p.m., January 20, 2012 Additional Information - Any additional information is to be provided in English only *The Solicitation timetable is tentative only and may be changed by the Ministry in its sole discretion at any time prior to the Proposal/Tender Submission Deadline. Titre de la demande de DP – Transformation des TI et des services d'Affaires Étendue des travaux – La présente demande de propositions (« DP ») constitue une invitation aux proposants éventuels à soumettre des propositions visant la prestation de services de consultation spécialisés en stratégie et harmonisation des TI et en élaboration de stratégies de transformation et planification stratégique. La présente DP est lancée par Sa Majesté la Reine du chef de l'Ontario, représentée par la Commission des alcools et des jeux de l'Ontario (la « Commission »). La CAJO prévoit une importante transformation qui touchera la manière dont les services et les programmes sont offerts à l'interne et à ses clients, et à l'externe à ses intervenantes et intervenants. Le calendrier de transformation est actuellement élaboré lors de séances de travail du Comité de direction, lequel est appuyé par une équipe d'intégration interne, le Bureau de gestion des projets, l'Unité des politiques stratégiques, ainsi que les chefs de projets responsables des projets de changement en cours. Date de lancement – Le 29 décembre 2011, heure de Toronto  Date limite pour les questions des proposants – 14 h, 12 janvier 2012 Date limite pour les addenda – 14 h, 13 janvier 2012 Date limite pour les propositions – 14 h, 20 janvier 2012 Renseignements supplémentaires – Tout renseignement supplémentaire sera fourni en anglais seulement * Le calendrier pour les demandes de soumissions est provisoire et peut être modifié par le ministère à sa discrétion exclusive, n'importe quand avant la date limite pour les soumissions/propositions. 
39298.txt	The City of Calgary (The City) is issuing this Request for Proposal (RFP) with the intent of identifying an organization to work with our Information Technology (IT) Business Unit to provide industry best practice expertise around Project Portfolio Management (PPM) design, technical expertise and support for the transition from Microsoft Project Server (MSPS) 2003 to MSPS 2010. Contact : Shainoor Rashid Téléphone : 403-268-5559 Télécopieur : 403-268-5523 Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
36447.txt	SOLUTIONS BASED E60ZN-090003 PROFESSIONAL SERVICES - (TSPS) REQUIREMENT  (File No. 55300-11-0008)  TIER 1 (< $2M) This requirement is for the department of: Statistics Canada This requirement is for Business Services / Change Management Services Class One Contract to be awarded Request For Proposal (RFP) documents will be e-mailed directly, from the contracting officer, to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS.  Location of work to be performed: National Capital Region Security Requirement: Security Requirements Check List (SRCL): None Supplier Security Clearance required: None Security Level required (Document Safeguarding): None Inquiries regarding this RFP requirement are to be submitted to the Contracting Authority listed below: File Number: 55300-11-0008 Contracting Authority: Nausheena Kanjimithani Phone Number: 613-951-2749 Fax Number: 613-951-2073 Email: EMAIL_TAG Statistics Canada requires the services of resources in the Business Consulting/Change Management class. This requirement will be from date of award to March 31, 2013. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. NOTE: Task-Based Professional Services (TSPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on an annual basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG. This requirement is open only to the following companies who qualified under the stated consultant categories, security level, region and tier: 1. Accenture Inc. 2. ADGA Group Consultants Inc. 3. Modis Canada Inc 4. ALTRUISTIC INFORMATICS CONSULTING Altruistic Informatics ConsultingINC. 5. CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc. 6. Confluence Consulting Inc. 7. Deloitte Inc. 8. Emerion 9. Epixus Incorporated 10. Esper Consulting Inc. 11. Fujitsu Consulting (CANADA) Inc./Fujitsu Conseil (Canada) Inc. 12. Gartner Group Canada Co  13. Hewlett-Packard (Canada) Co. Hewlett-Packard (Canada) Cie 14. IT/Net - Ottawa Inc. 15. LNW Consulting Inc 16. Nortak Software Ltd. 17. Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP 18. Sierra Systems Group Inc. 19. Systemscope Inc. 20. Systemscope Inc., LNW Consulting Inc., Perfortics Consulting Inc., VK Computer Systems Inc., Lansdowne Technology Services Inc., IN JOINT VENTURE 21. The Bell Telephone Company of Canada or Bell Canada/La Compagnie de Téléphone Bell du Canada ou Bell Canada 22. 1010376 Ontario Inc. 23. 168446 Canada Inc. 24. 3149455 Canada Inc. 25. 3755479 Canada Inc. 26. Orbis Risk Consulting Inc. 27. 9018-0613 Québec Inc/Praxis Management 28. ACF Associates Inc. 29. Adante Consulting Inc. 30. AMBiT Consulting Inc. 31. BMB Consulting Services Inc. 32. Canada Post Corporation 33. Chelsea Consulting Group Inc. 34. CORE Software Corporation Inc. 35. CPCS Transcom Limited 36. Dare Human Resources Corporation 37. Delsys Research Group Inc. 38. Donna Cona Inc. 39. DPRA Canada Incorporated 40. Ernst & Young LLP 41. Evolve Government Consulting Inc 42. Executive Health Inc. 43. Future Learning Inc. 44. Gestion Multi Risques International 45. Goss Gilroy Inc.  46. Government Procurement Consultants Ltd. Turner Consulting & Management Services Inc., 12131415 Ontario Inc. in Joint Venture 47. Groupe Intersol Group Ltee. 48. Hackett Consulting Inc. 49. HDP Group Inc 50. Human Resource Systems Group Ltd. 51. IBM Canada Ltd. 52. Interis Consulting Inc. 53. James L Armstrong & Associates Inc 54. Intergage Consulting Group Inc. 55. John Burns Centre for Public Management 56. Kelly Sears Consulting Group 57. Leacock Consulting 58. Meyers Norris Penny LLP 59. MHPM Project Managers Inc. 60. Monique Lafrenière 61. Naut'sa mawt Resources Group/Human Resources Systems Group Joint Venture 62. Northcore Technologies Inc 63. PGF Consultants Inc. 64. Phirelight E-Business Solutions Inc. 65. PMC PROJECT MANAGEMENT CENTRE INC 66. PSTG Consulting Inc. 67. QMR Staffing Solutions Incorporated 68. QMR STAFFING SOLUTIONS INCORPORATED, 3D GLOBAL ENTERPRISES INC. IN JOINT VENTURE 69. Quallium Corporation 70. Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton 71. Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Consulting Inc. 72. RED FEATHER CONSULTING INC, SPEARHEAD MANAGEMENT CANADA LIMITED / GESTION SPEARHEAD CANADA LIMITEE IN JOINT VENTURE 73. Right Management Canada Inc. 74. SoftSim Technologies Inc. 75. Stratos Inc  76. TDV Global inc. 77. The Corporate Research Group Ltd. 78. Turner Consulting & Management Services Inc 79. Y2 CONSULTING PSYCHOLOGISTS INC. 80. MCO Business Group Inc, Chapman Facility Group Inc., Paul S Adler in Joint Venture 81. 6826130 Canada Inc. 82. Centre for Conflict Resolutions International Ltd. 83. The Institute on Governance 84. The VCAN Group Inc. 85. The Strategic Review Group Inc. 86. Ruth Sirman 87. Colin Lindsay Development Corporation 88. 3775356 Canada Inc. 89. McKinsey & Company Canada  90. Proex Inc.  91. 4058721 Canada Ltd 92. Fast Track Staffing Inc. and 49 Solutions in Joint Venture 93. 2Keys Corporation 94. Auguste Solutions and Associates Inc. 95. A Hundred Answers Inc. 96. APS-Antian Professional Services Inc. 97. International Safety Research Inc. 98. Alice Power 
35003.txt	PROFESSIONAL SERVICES SIGMA (SAP) Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Suppliers on permanent list or able to meet qualification requirements Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: NOTICE OF PROPOSED PROCUREMENT (NPP) TASK-BASED INFORMATICS PROFESSIONAL SERVICES (TBIPS) REQUIREMENT This requirement is for Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC). This requirement is open only to those TBIPS Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under Tier 2, for the National Capital Region, issued pursuant to the Request for Supply Arrangement (RFSA) solicitation No. EN578-055605/D. Description of requirement The SIGMA Competency Centre of PWGSC has a requirement for as-and-when-requested business, functional and configuration support as well as minimal technical support services associated for the PWGSC SIGMA system not covered by the recent bid solicitation EN869-112985/A for ERP technical support services. SIGMA, is a PWGSC integrated system that supports financial management, material management and project management business lines using the SAP application software and related business applications such as SAP Business Intelligence (BI) and SAP Productivity Pak (uPerform). It is anticipated that SAP Client Relationship Management (CRM) and Enterprise Performance Management (EPM) will be supported by the SIGMA Competency Centre in the future. It is intended to result in the issuance of two contracts, one combining specialized skills in SAP such as Business Intelligence (BI), Productivity Pak/uPerform, Client Relationship Management (CRM) and Enterprise Performance Management (EPM) (Sub-Requirement # 1) and one for the remaining SAP ERP requirements (Sub-Requirement # 2). Services will be provided by the following categories of personnel for each sub-requirement. SUB-REQUIREMENT # 1  TBIPS ID CATEGORY OF PERSONNEL LEVEL OF EXPERTISE TECHNOLOGY SERVICES CLASS  A. Applications Services Sub-Class  A.2 ERP Functional Analyst 2 & 3 A.5 ERP Technical Analyst 2 & 3 I. IM/IT Sub-Class  I.4 Database Modeller/IM Modeller 2 I.5 IM Architect 3 I.11 Technology Architect 2 SUB-REQUIREMENT # 2  TBIPS ID CATEGORY OF PERSONNEL LEVEL OF EXPERTISE TECHNOLOGY SERVICES CLASS  A. Applications Services Sub-Class  A.8 System Analyst 2 A.10 Test Coordinator 2 A.11 Tester 2 A.17 Webmaster 2 BUSINESS SERVICES CLASS  B.1 Business Analyst 3 B.3 Business Consultant 2 B.6 Business System Analyst 2 B.9 Courseware Developer 2 B.11 Instructor IT 3 B.14 Technical Writer 2 PROJECT MANAGEMENT SERVICES CLASS  P.1 Change Management Consultant 2 P.4 Organizational Development Consultant 2 P.7 Project Coordinator 2 P.9 Project Manager 2 P.10 Project Scheduler 3 Proposed period of contract The proposed period of each contract will for three (3) years, plus 2 one-year option periods allowing Canada to extend the term of the contract. File Number: EP549-120248/A Contracting Authority: Ouellet, Monique Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Ouellet, Monique 4C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37309.txt	Notice of Proposed Procurement (NPP) Cyber Protection Supply Arrangement (CPSA) (PWGSC File No. W2213-050347) This requirement is for the Department of National Defence. This requirement is for Work Stream 3 for the services of: One (1) Senior IT Security TRA and C&A Analyst; and One (1) Senior PIA Specialist. This requirement is open only to the following companies: DPW Solutions Inc. Team CSI WS3 Team Titus International Telus Communications Company TRM Technologies Inc. Request For Proposal (RFP) documents will be e-mailed or faxed directly, from the contracting officer, to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. Inquiries regarding this RFP requirement are to be submitted to the procurement officer listed below: File Number: W6369-12-P5UK/A Procurement Officer: Sandy (Alexander) Ueffing Email: EMAIL_TAG 
31357.txt	RFP for a Senior SQL Server Database Administrator The Information Technology Division of CMHC is looking to engage the services of a Senior SQL Server Database Administrator. The successful candidate will be a Senior Database Analyst who will be required to take on the primary role for corporate databases (new and operational databases and data warehouse applications) and their responsibilities that will include the design, implementation and insurance of ongoing integrity of these databases.  This contract is for a 12 month period starting on January 3, 2012 and terminating on December 31, 2012. The successful candidate may work closely with clients, and will provide analysis, coding, testing and documentation services, including the preparation of software packages and instructions for migration to the production environment.  The successful candidate will become a member of an existing team of Database Analysts and Data Warehouse Analysts.  Suppliers interested in learning more about this opportunity should click on "Order Associated Components" to download the complete solicitation document. Please note that CMHC will not distribute solicitation documents that are posted on Merx.  
34278.txt	NOTICE of Proposed Procurement (NPP) - SAMPLE REQUEST FOR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES task-based  NOTICE OF PROPOSED PROCUREMENT SOLUTIONS BASED E60ZN-090003 PROFESSIONAL SERVICES - (TSPS) REQUIREMENT (File No. TSPS-SA 11-22090) TIER 1 (< $2M) This requirement is for the department of: National Research Council Canada  This requirement is for Business Services / Change Management Services Class for the services of : [Insert Number of Resources] [Insert Consultant Category] [Insert Level of Experience] 1 Resource Required Business Consulting – Class 2 > 10   One Contract to be awarded. This requirement is open only to the following companies who qualified under the stated consultant categories, security level, region and tier: Accenture Inc. ADGA Group Consultants Inc. Modis Canada Inc. Altruistic Informatics Consulting CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc. Confluence Consulting Inc. Deloite Inc. Emerion Epixus Incorporated Esper Consulting Inc. Fujitsu Consulting Canada Gartner Group Canada Hewlett-Packard Canada It/Net Ottawa Inc. LNW Consulting Inc. Nortak Software Ltd. Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP Sierra Systems Group Inc. Systemsscope Inc. The Bell Telephone Company 1010376 Ontario Inc. 168446 Canada Inc. 3755479 Canada Inc. Orbis Risk Consulting Inc. 9018-0613 Quebec Inc. ACF Associates Inc. Adante Consulting Inc. Ambit Consulting Inc. BMB Consulting Services Inc. Canada Post Corporation  Chelsea Consulting Group Inc. Core Software Corporation Inc. CPCS Transcom Limited Dare Human Resources Corporation Delsys Research Group Inc. Donna Cona Inc. DPRA Canada Incorporated Ernst & Young LLP Evolve Government Consulting Inc. Future Learning Inc. Gestion Multi Risques International Goss Gilroy Inc. Government Procurement Consultant Ltd. Groupe Intersol Group Ltee Hacket Consulting Inc. HDP Group Inc. Human Resource Systems Group Ltd. IBM Canda Ltd. Interis Consulting Inc. James L Armstrong & Associates Inc. Intergage Consulting Group Inc. John Burns Centre for Public Management Kelly Sears Consulting Group Leacock Consulting Meyers Norris Penny LLP MHPM Project Managers Inc. Monique Lafrenière Naut'sa Mawt Resources Group Northcore Technologies Inc. PGF Consultant Inc. Phirelight E-Business Solutions Inc. PMC Project Management Centre Inc. PSTG Consulting Inc. QMR Staffing Solutions Incorporated QMT Staffing Solutions Incorporated, 3D Global Enterprises Inc. in Joint Venture Quallium Corporation Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Raymond Chabot Grand Thornton Consulting Inc. Red Feather Consulting Inc Spearhead Management Canada Ltd – Gestion Spearhead Canada Ltd. in Joint Venture  Right Management Canada Inc. SoftSim Technologies Inc.  Stratos Inc. TDV Global Inc. The Corporate Research Group Ltd. Turner Consulting & Management Services Inc. Y2 Consulting Psychologist Inc. MCO Business Group Inc. Chapman Facility Group Inc. Paul S Adler in Joint Venture 6826130 Canada Inc. Centre for Conflict Resolutions International Ltd. The Institute on Governance The VCAN Group Inc. The Strategic Review Group Inc. Ruth Sirman Colin Lindsay Development Corporation 3775356 Canada Inc. McKinsey & Company Canada Proex Inc. 4058721 Canada Ltd. Fast Track Staffing Inc. and 49 Solutions in Joint Venture 2Keys Corporation Auguste Solutions and Associates Inc. A Hundred Answers Inc. APS-Antian Professional Services Inc. International Safety Research Inc. Alice Power Request For Proposal (RFP) documents will be e-mailed directly, from the contracting officer, to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS.  Location of work to be performed: Boucherville, Québec Inquiries regarding this RFP requirement are to be submitted to the Contracting Authority listed below: File Number: TSPS-SA 11-22090 Contracting Authority: Normand Lanthier Phone Number: 613-993-8739 Email: EMAIL_TAGc NRC requires the services of one (1) Business Consultant for the Business Process Review. This requirement will be from Contract award to March 31st, 2012 with an irrevocable option for one additional 12 months option period. NRC IRAP is responding to Government investments in the Program by increasing program flexibility, scalability and productivity. IRAP has a strong need for improved governance, business processes, tools and infrastructure in order to be able to meet the current and future needs of its stakeholders. IRAP Management seeks to improve program efficiency, balance (i.e Advisory services vs Funding) and effectiveness in serving our clients by promoting the use of organizational best practices in the potential realignment of business processes and employee functions. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. NOTE: Task-Based Professional Services (TSPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on an annual basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG. 
39225.txt	Commercial Procurment Card Program Currently a Commercial Procurement Card Program Agreement is in place with an incumbent Service Provider which is due to expire June 30, 2012. In advance of re-tendering the program the WCB is interested in researching the marketplace to better understand the current commercial procurement card programs available. The information obtained from this RFI process will assist the WCB in the development of a formal competitive bid process. URL_TAG 
27713.txt	Opportunity Description: Alberta Environment created the Alberta Environment Support and Emergency Response Team (ASERT) in 2006 to manage all aspects of environmental emergencies on behalf of the Ministry, and to work with other government agencies and industry to improve the overall emergency system.   One of the tasks of ASERT is to seek out and implement innovative solutions to issues in the Emergency Management field, including unplanned air contaminant releases from industrial upsets, transportation accidents and other related Events. These Events are often difficult to assess due to their randomness, spatial challenges and the variety of contaminants potentially involved. A new approach is now being explored where Plume Dispersion Modeling is utilized along with measurement to complete a more comprehensive analysis.   The EAMAS Application will support Emergency Management decisions by providing information to key groups to ascertain the impact and extent of an Event, and will also be used to provide public assurance on aspects of an Event.   The Project is divided into 4 phases (Phases 1 and 2 have been completed). All project phases are intended to deliver a functional Solution (e.g. complete detailed design, build and pilot) for the Oilsands area of Alberta. Phase 4 would encompass User Acceptance Testing, user training, as well as possible enhancements and expansion.   This RFP is for Phase 3, which is to complete the existing detailed design, and the system build, as further described in the RFP.   The Contract shall commence in November 2011 and shall continue until March 21, 2012 unless it is extended or terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Contract.   At the sole option of Alberta Environment, the Contract may be extended on the same terms and conditions to proceed with subsequent project phases.
39205.txt	ACAN - Data Masking Software and Support ELECTIONS CANADA ADVANCE CONTRACT AWARD NOTICE (ACAN) SOLICITATION NUMBER: ECRS-ACAN-11-17019 Category: Software Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Chile FTA/Canada-Columbia FTA/Canada-Peru Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid. Attachment: None Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exclusive Rights Estimated Cost: $80,000.00 (HST Extra) Title: Data Masking Software 1. Purpose and Definition of an ACAN An advance contract award notice (ACAN) is a public notice indicating to suppliers that Elections Canada intends to award a contact to a pre-identified supplier. Suppliers have fifteen calendar days to submit a statement of capabilities that meet the requirement set out in this ACAN. Should a statement of capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in this ACAN; Elections Canada will proceed with a full tendering process. If no supplier submits a statement of capabilities meeting the requirements set out in the ACAN, a contract will be awarded to the pre-selected supplier.  2. Proposed Contractor and Product Elections Canada intends to award a contract for the following goods and services to Privacy Assured Inc. 386 Fourth Line, Oakville, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG: a) software licence for Dataguise DgMasker – product no. Dgde-302-001s; and b) maintenance and support services – product no. Dggold-3-01-001. Dataguise Inc., 2201 Walnut Ave. #260, Fremont, California, 94538 is the supplier of the software. It's authorized Canadian reseller is:  Privacy Assured Inc. 386 Fourth Line Oakville, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG 3. Applicable Trade Agreements and Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement North America Free Trade Agreement, Agreement on Internal Trade, Canada-Chile FTA, Canada-Colombia FTA, and Canada-Peru FTA. There are no applicable Comprehensive Land Claim Agreements. 4. Definition of Requirements or Expected Results 4.1. Background Elections Canada has a requirement to "mask" sensitive data used for non-production purposes. Data masking is defined as the replacement of sensitive data with realistic but not real data. At Elections Canada, this includes data used during application development, user acceptance testing, and data transferred to 3rd parties (e.g. Internet Service Providers) for use in pre-production and staging data verification.  4.2. Minimum Essential Requirements Any interested supplier must demonstrate by way of a statement of capabilities that their proposed data masking tool can meet all of the following mandatory requirements: a) provide licences for a data masking tool that will cover a minimum of 80 development, testing, user acceptance testing, and pre-production Corporate Oracle databases (Versions 10g and 11g) spread over 10 servers of different size and configuration; b) mask data in a consistent and repeatable fashion while maintaining all other production properties of volume and diversity;  c) mask data while maintaining some data relationships (all names associated to a particular address are masked in the same manner in order to ensure it is consistent and verifiable); d) precisely and consistently repeat the same data masking process during any data refresh from production databases to ensure repeatability of test cycles; e) provide a user-friendly interface (GUI) that will allow for easier implementation, training, and operational use; f) mask data in place and not require any additional staging configuration from either a performance or licensing perspective; g) provide a masking process that will use existing Elections Canada data as source file (35 million row elector table as source of elector names); and h) mask data of 35 million electors within 8 hours or less. 4.3. Delivery The software will be delivered within ten (10) days of contract award. 4.4. Cost Breakdown Product / Description Qty Total DgMasker licence - Dgde-302-001s  Unlimited number of databases, unlimited number of users accessing the software and unlimited amount of data being masked  One licence  $50,000.00  First year (initial term) support and maintenance - Dggold-3-01-001  $10,000 per year x 1  $10,000.00 Two options, each one year, for support and maintenance - Dggold-3-01-001  $10,000.00 per year x 2  $20,000.00 Total $80,000.00  4.5. Period of Proposed Contract The term of the proposed contract is for one year from the date of contract with two (2) irrevocable options to extend the license and maintenance and support services, each option for a one (1) year period. 5. Sole Source Justification Private Assured Inc. is the only authorized Canadian supplier of Dataguise DgMasker, being the only data masking tool that satisfies the mandatory requirements. 5.1. Sole Source Justification under the Government Contract Regulations Elections Canada relies on Section 6(d) of the Government Contract Regulations as only one person or firm is capable of performing the contract. 5.2. Sole Source Justification under the trade agreements The following extracts from the trade agreements are applicable to this procurement: Articles 506.12(b) of the AIT is applicable on the basis that there is an absence of competition for technical reasons and the goods or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no alternative or substitute exists. Articles 1016.2(b) of NAFTA is applicable on the basis that there is an absence of competition for technical reasons and the goods or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no reasonable alternative or substitute exists. 6. Notice You are hereby notified that Elections Canada intends to negotiate with one supplier as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting authority referred to below.  Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the goods or services described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contract authority on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets all the mandatory requirements. The Elections Canada file number, the name of the contracting authority and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. 7. Closing Date  January 13, 2012 8. Contracting Authority Ron Shaheen Senior Advisor, Procurement and Contracting Services Elections Canada 257 Slater Street Ottawa, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG Phone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG EMAIL_TAG 
34803.txt	ENTERPRISE AND BUSINESS ARCHITECTS Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Suppliers on permanent list or able to meet qualification requirements Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: 47060-138023/A INFORMATICS PROFESSIONAL SERVICES Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Requirement This requirement is for: Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA). This requirement is open only to those Supply Arrangement Holders, TBIPS Supply Arrangement EN578-055605/D, who qualified under Tier "2"(Above $2M) stream for Business Services Class and Project Management Services Class. The requirement is open only to the TBIPS Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under the following categories for: 1 - Enterprise Architect (level 1) 2 - Enterprise Architect (level 3) 3 - Business Architect (level 3) Description of the requirement: Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) requires one (1) Enterprise Architect Level 1, one (1) Enterprise Architect Level 3 and one (1) Business Architect Level 3 on an "as and when requested basis" to work and assist in the deliverables in support of the Agency's Business Model (ABM) and commercial projects. Proposed period of contract: The contract period will be for 1 year from the date of contract with an irrevocable option to extend the contract period for up to 4 additional 1 year periods. NOTE: Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on an annual basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG Contracting Authority: Josée Bastien Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Email: EMAIL_TAG All enquiries must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Authority no later than five (5) calendar days before the bid closing date. Enquiries received after that time may not be answered. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Bastien, Josée 4C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
36158.txt	Maritime Analytics Prototype Development Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TITLE : MARITIME ANALYTICS PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT The objectives of the work are to design and develop a Visual Analytic (VA) prototype to sup-port Maritime Domain Awareness (MDA), called the Maritime Analytics Prototype (MAP). Section 2, "Applicable Documents/References", of Annex A, "Statement of Work", includes the four documents below, which are not available in the open literature. Davenport, M., Lavigne, V. and Gouin D., "Design of a Maritime Domain Awareness Visual Analytics Prototype (DMVAP), Task 1: Design Study", Salience Analytics Inc, DRDC Techni-cal Authority: Valérie Lavigne, DRDC Valcartier CR 2011-221, July 2011. Bouchard, J. and Davenport, M., "Design of a Maritime Domain Awareness Visual Analytics Prototype (DMVAP), Task 3: Preliminary Functional and Architectural Specifications", Salience Analytics Inc & Fujitsu Canada Inc, DRDC Technical Authority: Valérie Lavigne, DRDC Val-cartier CR 2011-223, July 2011. Davenport, M., "Design of a Maritime Domain Awareness Visual Analytics Prototype (DMVAP), Task 4: Scenario and Dataset Specification", Salience Analytics Inc, DRDC Techni-cal Authority: Valérie Lavigne, DRDC Valcartier CR 2011-224, July 2011. Lavigne, V., Gouin, D. and Davenport, M., Visual Analytics for Maritime Domain Awareness, UNCLASSIFIED, Proceedings of IEEE HST 2011, 15-17 November 2011. To obtain an electronic copy of these documents, you must send a request to EMAIL_TAG no later than seven (7) calendar days before the bid closing date. The organization for which the services are to be rendered is Defence Research and Development Canada - Valcartier (DRDC - Valcartier). The period of the Contract is from date of Contract to September 30th, 2012, inclusive. Estimated amount of available funding for this contract : $310,000.00, GST extra. The amount includes $180,000.00 in FY 11/12 and $130,000.00 in FY 12/13 for a total of $310,000.00, including a $30,000.00 maximum funding for equipment purchase. The requirement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT). The requirement is limited to Canadian goods and/or services Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Piras, Gabriel 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39181.txt	CODE ANALYZER TOOLS SOFTWARE SOLUTION Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: CODE ANALYZER TOOLS SOFTWARE SOLUTION W8486-120204/A Friesen, Manon Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG This bid solicitation is being issued to satisfy the requirement f Department of National Defence (DND) (the "Client") for two Code Analyzer Tools Software Solution (CATSS). The bid solicitation is intended to result in the award of two separate contracts for 1 year, plus 5 one-year irrevocable option(s) allowing Canada to extend the term of the contract. DND is the Initial Client that will use the Software Solution. However, this bid solicitation will also allow Canada to make the Software Solution available to any Government Department, Departmental Corporation or Agency, or other body of the Government of Canada (including all those described in the Financial Administration Act, as amended from time to time) or any other party for which the Department of Public Works and Government Services is authorized to act from time to time under section 16 of the Department of Public Works and Government Services Act (each a "Client"). Although Canada may make the Software Solution available to any or all the Clients, this bid solicitation does not preclude Canada from using another method f supply for entities of the Government of Canada with the same r similar needs. The scope of the bid solicitation includes: 1. the delivery of, and the licensing of, a non-exclusive, perpetual Commercial -Off-the-Shelf (COTS) Code Analyzer Tools Software Solution (hereinafter reffered to as the Licensed Software, and where the context requires, as CATSS), for an initial requirement of fifteen (15) User licenses to use by developers for the Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for the Land Software Engineering Centre (LSEC); one (1) User licence for Auditors to audit 3rd party software, not developed by the LSEC; meeting all the requirements as stated in Annex A, Statement of Requirements (SOR); 2. the delivery of the licensed documentation (which includes delivery, installation, integration and configuration of the Licensed Software) meeting all the requirements as stated in Annex A, Statement of Requirements (SOR); 3. upon acceptance of the Licensed Software by Canada, a 12 month Warranty, and provision of ongoing Software Maintenance and Support Services for the initial requirement during the Contract Period and any extension thereof; 4. irrevocable options to acquire on an "As-and-When" requested basis, additional User Licenses for developers for the Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for the Land Software Engineering Centre and, if requested, by other Clients, and provision of ongoing Software Maintenance and Support Services thereon, at any time during the Contract Period and any extension thereof; 5. the provision of training services, including Computer Based Training (CBT), to be provided, on an "As-and-When" requested basis during the initial Contract Period and any extension thereof; 6. the provision of professional services, as detailed in the SOR, to be provided on "As-and-When" requested basis, during the initial Contract Period and any extension thereof. All parts of the Software Solution must be available to the Client users 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, in English and French, and operate at all times in accordance with the Statement of Requirements in the Client's operational environment described in the bid solicitation. The requirement is subject to the provisions of the World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP), the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA), the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT), the Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA), and the Canada-Columbia Free Trade Agreement. There is no security requirement associated with this requirement. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Friesen, Manon 11 Laurier St. / 11 rue, Laurier 4C1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39115.txt	Toxicogenomic mode of action discovery database and query tool for in vitro screening HEALTH CANADA ADVANCE CONTRACT AWARD NOTICE TITLE: Toxicogenomic mode of action discovery database and query tool for in vitro screening SOLICITATION NUMBER: 1000133190 1. The purpose and explanation of an ACAN An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows Health Canada contracting authorities to post a notice on MERX, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that a good, service or construction contract will be awarded to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. 2. Rights of suppliers Suppliers who believe that they are fully qualified and available to provide the services or goods described in this ACAN may submit a Statement of Capabilities clearly demonstrating how they meet the advertised requirement. This Statement of Capabilities must be provided via e-mail only to the contact person identified in Section 12 of the Notice on or before the closing date and time of the Notice. If there is a reasonable level of evidence regarding capability, the requirements will be opened to electronic or traditional bidding processes. 3. Proposed Contractor Carleton University Dr. Michel Dumontier 1125 Colonel By Drive Ottawa, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG  4. Definition of Requirements or Expected Results The objective of the project is to develop approaches to implement toxicogenomics into regulatory toxicology and risk assessment. The projects were developed in consultation with Health Canada regulators in order to maximize benefit to the regulatory community, and expedite the implementation of genomics tools into risk assessment. Research using cell-based tests will be used to investigate the toxicogenomic response following exposure to chemicals that exert well-known health outcomes (e.g., genetic damage, cancer, hormone alterations). Statistical and biological modelling will be used to determine the endpoints that best predict the expected health effect. The research is primarily designed to develop new open access toxicology methods that can be used to test individual chemicals on a case-by-case basis, and can be used to provide information on specific chemical families with limited toxicity information. Importantly, the use of semantic web technologies will enable rapid expansion and integration of new datasets, and make possible sophisticated queries of diverse data.  Predictive toxicology requires access to high quality datasets with toxicological outcomes, efficient algorithms to compute descriptors, and effective methods to build models and estimate their predictive value. Good predictive models are constructed from high quality toxicological/toxicogenomic datasets in which efficient machine learning methods are applied to a rich set of experimental and computed attributes. This project will aim to assign modes of action for chemicals based on microarray profiles in which an augmented set of descriptors is obtained, in part, through automated reasoning. This project has three objectives: 1) to establish a comprehensive, integrated database for toxicology/toxicogenomics data using Semantic Web technologies, 2) to create an application that facilitates the selection of chemicals and their experimentally or computationally derived attributes, and 3) to create an application that predicts chemical modes of action for a target microarray profile.  5. Capabilities Any interested supplier must demonstrate by way of a Statement of Capabilities and provide evidence that it meets the following minimum requirements:  1. Must have a PhD in biology or biochemistry and at least 5 years experience in conducting bioinformatics research. 2. Must have at least 4 years of experience with semantic data integration and formal knowledge representation using semantic web technologies. 3. Must demonstrate that they have at least 4 years of experience in the design of databases used for curating and querying life science data. 4. Expertise using or designing all of the following: - Biomedical Ontologies - Semantic Web technologies, RDF, OWL, SWRL, SPARQL - Tools or systems for toxicology/toxicogenomics knowledge management - Methods for disease association/prediction - Attribute Enrichment 5. The bidder must have significant experience (> 10 years) with web based technologies for biological data integration and discovery. 6. Reason for non-competitive award Section 6 of the Government Contracts Regulations contains four exceptions that permit the contracting authority to set aside the requirement to solicit bids. One of such exception, stated in 6d is the reason for this non-competitive award: (6d) only one person or firm is capable of performing the contract. 7. Applicable trade agreements and justification for limited tendering or the Procurement Strategy for Aboriginal Business This requirement is subject to the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT).  The requirement is being directed to the proposed supplier as permitted under the following sections of the above trade agreements: Article 506, 12(a) of the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Article 1016, 2(b) of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA  This requirement is not subject to the Procurement Strategy for Aboriginal Business. 8. Ownership of Intellectual Property The Crown will retain ownership of the copyright as permitted by Section 6.4.1 of the Treasury Board Policy on Title to Intellectual Property Arising Under Crown Procurement Contracts, which states that the Crown may retain ownership of the intellectual property arising from a government contract "where the main purpose of the Crown Procurement Contract, or of the deliverables contracted for, is to generate knowledge and information for public dissemination." 9. Period of the proposed contract The services of the Contractor will be required for an extended period of time commencing on or about January 23, 2012 and ending March 14, 2014. 10. Estimated value of the proposed contract The total estimated value of the proposed contract should not exceed $120,000.00 (Canadian dollar), including travel and living expenses (if applicable), and all applicable taxes.  11. Closing date and time  The closing date and time for accepting Statements of Capabilities is 2 p.m. EST January 13th 2012. 12. Contact Person All inquiries with regard to this Notice must be addressed by e-mail to: Name: Robert Merrick, Procurement and Contracting Specialist, Health Canada E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG 
35507.txt	11-1822 - Return to Work Case Management Software for The City of Calgary The City intends to implement a Return to Work Case Management solution for Health Management. The primary purpose of this solution is to standardize tools and processes currently in use to manage Return to Work cases. The solution is expected to provide electronic document and task management, improved flow and timing of information, improved reporting capabilities and analysis tools and ultimately increased efficiencies. URL_TAG 
38450.txt	Infrastructure support to intelligence science and technology Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Title: Infrastructure support to intelligence science and technology The Statement of Work (SOW) describes the services required by Defence research and development Canada - Valcartier (DRDC Valcartier) aim at carrying out the following objectives : Objectives : The objectives of the work are: To provide DRDC Valcartier with support regarding its Information Technology Infra-structure (ITI) dedicated to Science and Technology (S&T) in the intelligence domain. To provide base-level support on a continuous basis throughout the duration of the Main Period of the Contract (excluding the Optional Period of the Contract). The firm tasks associated to this main period of the contract are referred to the "First Stage" of the project;  To provide on-demand support for more specific needs that will be required throughout the duration of both the Main Period and the Optional Period of the Contract if allowed to start Context : Over the past few years at DRDC Valcartier, a significant Research and Development (research and development) ef-fort has been accomplished in the domain of Intelligence and Information (I&I) and related areas such as Command and Control (C2) and Surveillance and Reconnaissance (SR). While the main focus of this contract is the infrastructure support to the I&I research at DRDC Valcartier, one should note that much functionalities of C2 and SR interrelate closely with those of the I&I to accomplish some required capabilities for the benefit of the user community at the strategic, tac-tical and operational levels. Therefore, the I&I, C2 and SR sub-domains will have to be consid-ered all together in the scope of this contract. In order to achieve the project objectives, this contract will carry out 11 tasks. Tasks 1 to 3 (firm tasks). Tasks 4 to 11 are to be performed within a 'Work Authorization Process' Tasks : Task 1 (firm). provide architecture support Task 2 (firm). provide maintenance support Task 3 (firm). provide project management for firmed tasks 1 and 2 TASKS REQUIRING TASK AUTHORIZATIONS PROCESS Task 4. Project Management Support for Authorized Tasks Task 5. Design Support Task 6. Security Analyst Support Task 7. Integration, Optimization and Maintenance Support Task 8. Development of Supporting Services Task 9. System Administration Support Task 10. Equipment Trial Support Task 11. Experimentation and Demonstration Support Client department : The services will be rendered to Defence Research and Development Canada (DRDC-Valcartier). Period of the contract : The contract period contract award date to May 31, 2012 plus an ptional period of 10 months. Contract funding : The maximum funding available for the contract resulting from the bid solicitation is $120 000.00 CAD for Tasks 1 to 3, and $280 000.00 CAD for Tasks 4 to 11 (authorization process) for a total of $400 000.00 CAD (Goods and Services Tax or the Harmonized Sales Tax extra, as appropriate). An optional period could be used for an amount of $350 000 (tasks authorization process). Ownership of Intellectual Property : Any intellectual property rights arising from the performance of the Work under the resulting contract will belong to Canada. Point Rated Technical Criteria Technical proposal maximum 15 points, minimum 10 points Management proposal maximum 25 points, minimum 17 points Personal maximum 52 points, minimum 39 points Company maximum 18 points, minimum 12 points Security requirements : For additional information, consult Part 6 - Security,Financial and Other Requirements, and Part 7 - Resulting Contract Clauses. Bidders should consult the "Security Requiremetns for PWGSC Bid Solicitations - Instructions for Bidders" document on the Departmental Standard Procurement Documents Web site. Other information : - The requirement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement n Internal Trade (AIT). - The requirement is limited to Canadian services. -This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages W7701-125151/A Brisebois, Aline Ndegrees de téléphone - PHONENUMBER_TAG Nº fax - PHONENUMBER_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Brisebois, Aline 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29533.txt	Research & development for Long Term Evolution (LTE) wireless location based on synthetic array. Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TITLE Research & development for Long Term Evolution (LTE) wireless location based on synthetic array. REQUIREMENT The Department of National Defence has a requirement to conduct research and development of innovative self geo-location techniques for LTE based on synthetic array processing, by analyzing existing methodologies and developing innovative synthetic array techniques for self geo-location of LTE devices. Theoretical analysis, mathematical models, simulations, and laboratory experimentation must be used to develop, assess, and validate the new techniques. The reported work and findings must be of sufficient detail and complexity to provide proof-of-concept data that validates the developed techniques, models, and theoretical analysis. Phase 1: An analysis of the current LTE standard and its physical layer in the context of self geo-location will be conducted. This understanding is then applied to an assessment f the access nodes and handsets in an effort to develop a system level description and a model for the wireless signaling f LTE devices. Phase 2: Combining methods and location estimation algorithms are developed based on LTE signaling and synthetic array processing. These new algorithms are verified using simulations and experimentation. The performance of the algorithms is then analyzed taking into account advanced antenna configurations. Optional Phase 3 - Go/ No Go: The findings of Phases 1 and 2 may be extended to enhance the self geo-location performance in terms of received signal-to-noise-ratio and geo-location accuracy using multi-antenna techniques. New developments in the LTE standard taking place during the first two phases may be also incorporated in Phase 3. The period of the Contract is from date of Contract to March 31, 2013 inclusive. The requirement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT). The requirement is limited to Canadian goods and/or services. MAXIMUM FUNDING: The maximum funding available for the contract resulting from the bid solicitation is $150,000.00 (Goods and Services Tax or the Harmonized Sales Tax extra, as appropriate). Bids valued in excess of this amount will be considered non-responsive. This disclosure does not commit Canada to pay the maximum funding available. MANDATORY TECHNICAL CRITERIA: At bid closing time, the Bidder must comply with the following mandatory technical criteria and provide the necessary documentation to support compliance. Any bid which fails to meet the following mandatory technical criteria will be declared non-responsive. Each criterion should be addressed separately. M1. The Bidder must submit the name and curriculum vitae (CV) for the Project Leader, which should be submitted in accordance with the Project Leader Résumé Summary Sheet as found in Appendix 1 of Attachment 2, to clearly demonstrate that it meets all of the requirements of this solicitation. M2. The Project Leader must have completed a Master's degree from a recognized Canadian* university, or the equivalent, if obtained outside of Canada, in either Engineering or Physics. *Where the Master's degree was completed and btained outside of Canada, Canada reserves the right to request a Canadian equivalency document issued by a recognized academic credentials assessment organization showing the academic level obtained. CONTRACTING AUTHORITY Laurie D Brault Supply Officer Public Works and Government Services Canada Acquisitions Branch Science Procurement Directorate Place du Portage, Phase III, 11C1 11 Laurier Street  Gatineau, Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Facsimile: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail address: EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Brault, Laurie 11C1, Phase III Place du Portage 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35501.txt	Website Upgrade An evaluation of current practices, tactics, and tools was completed in 2010, and we would like to use the information in this document to improve our web presence. The objectives for the project include: Identification of the key purpose, audience, goals and components of a new website design along with a plan for simplifying the site and adding more focus to key priority areas. We would like to meet the following targets: ? 25% increase in visitors from the previous year (2,206 visits from September 5, 2010-September 5, 2011) ? 25% increase in unique page views (4,954 unique page views from September 5, 2010-September 5, 2011) URL_TAG 
29040.txt	Rotman School of Management Website The Rotman School of Management Website which includes development of a final technical plan, development of a customized website solution for Rotman, deployment of that solution, and finally support and knowledge transfer to the Rotman team to run the site going forward. 
33095.txt	Development of image analysis tools and support Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Title: Development of image analysis tools and support The Statement of Work (SOW) describes the services required by Defence research and development Canada - Valcartier (DRDC Valcartier) aim at carrying out the following objectives : Objectives : In the field of imaging, the objectives of this work are Provide scientific support in: Development of imaging software Imaging processing and analysis Characterization of electro-optical (EO) systems Scientific writing and literature review Laboratory and field testing and measurement Support for optical and mechanical design and set-up The solutions developed or evaluated as part of this contract will not go into mass production. Background DRDC Valcartier has experience in night vision technologies. This expertise includes image intensification systems and thermal imaging systems. Research over the last few years has proven the benefits of combining images from various types of imaging systems in order to exceed the performance limits of each system taken individually. The purpose of the research project undertaken by DRDC Valcartier is to measure the performance gains obtained by fusing several imaging systems to produce a single image. In rder to do so, a multi-sensor video sequence acquisition system was developed to take outdoor images and a device for viewing the fused images will be developed. The viewing device will make it possible to conduct tests with operators. The data gathered will be used in research on performance metrics. Another objective of the research program is to study and evaluate the various types of emerging imaging technologies and to consider how to improve the performance of commercially available sensors. Period of the contract : The contract period contract award date to March 31, 2015. Contract funding : The maximum funding available for the contract resulting from the bid solicitation is $900 000.00 CAD (Goods and Services Tax r the Harmonized Sales Tax extra, as appropriate) for Tasks authorization process. Ownership of Intellectual Property : Any intellectual property rights arising from the performance of the Work under the resulting contract will belong to Canada. MANDATORY CRITERIA #1: The bidder must propose resources for each of the following categories (the minimum number of resources is indicated in parentheses): Major resource: The major resource for a given activity is defined as: A) A person who is a specialist in the identified field of activity; and B) A person who has extensive knowledge in the identified field of activity; and C) A person who is able to lead a team of technicians / engineers working in support of a task in the identified field of activity. Support resource: The support resource for a given activity is defined as: A) A person knowledgeable in the identified field of activity; and B) A person that may require (but not necessarily) the supervision of his work by a major resource. Note: 1) The major resources are not included in the pool of support resources. For example, the major resource of the activity a) cannot be identified also as the resource in support for the activity b). 2) A major resource can be associated with more than one activity. 3) A support resource can also be associated with more than one activity. a) Software development in the imaging field (a minimum of two (2) major resources and two (2) support resources must be clearly identifiable for this task) b) Processing and analysis in the field of imaging (a minimum of two (2) major resources and two (2) support resources must be clearly identifiable for this task) c) Characterization of electro-optical (EO) systems (a minimum f one (1) major resource and two (2) support resources must be clearly identifiable for this task) d) Scientific writing (a minimum of one (1) major resource and ne (1) support resource must be clearly identifiable for this task) e) Literature review (a minimum of one (1) major resource and ne (1) support resource must be clearly identifiable for this task) f) Support in measurement gathering with EO instruments (a minimum of one (1) major resource and one (1) support resources must be clearly identifiable for this task). At least one (1) of the resources proposed to be a technician. g) Design and assembling of optical and mechanical assembly (a minimum of one (1) major resource and one (1) support resource in optics and one (1) support resource in mechanic must be clearly identifiable for this task). At least one (1) of the resources proposed to be a technician. #2: The bidder must propose a manager for the tasks authorization. #3: The bidder must submit previous projects demonstrating experience which qualifies it to work in the fields indicated. It must submit at least 1 project completed in each of the 7 categories below: (a) Development of imaging software (b) Image processing and analysis (c) Characterization of EO systems (d) Scientific writing (e) Review of literature (f) Taking measurements with electro-optical instruments (g) Optical and mechanical design and set-up #4: The bidder must describe expertise which qualifies it to meet the requirements in each area. Besides identifying the main resources, the bidder must identify the levels of expertise (see table below) which qualify it to meet the requirements indicated and the number of persons available in each category. Each category is defined in terms of education and experience, and individuals may be qualified to work on more than one activity. The résumés of all available personnel must be appended to the proposal. If a bidder cannot propose resources for all the activities supported, subcontractors must be identified. Point Rated Technical Criteria Management proposal 125 points Technical experience and education of personnel Site of Work: Works will be carried out at DRDC Valcartier site. Security requirements : There is a security requirement associated with this requirement. Other information : - The requirement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement n Internal Trade (AIT). - The requirement is limited to Canadian services. -This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages W7701-104108/A Brisebois, Aline Ndegrees de téléphone - PHONENUMBER_TAG Nº fax - PHONENUMBER_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Brisebois, Aline 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28133.txt	1 or more Systems Analysts – GIS Analyst (csharp) The Alberta Department of Energy, Information Management and Technology Services Branch, Business Solutions Delivery, requires the services of: 1 or more Systems Analysts – GIS Analyst (csharp) To provide application services to the client community full time, on a Time and Material basis. The Resource(s) will be responsible for development, maintenance and support of applications and interfaces accessing or utilizing the GIS system currently in use within the Alberta Department of Energy. Reporting to the Associate Director of Communications Business Solutions, the Resource(s) will work under the direction and supervision of the Team Lead GIS Solutions. The application environment consists of microcomputer applications running on Intel boxes utilizing Microsoft Windows 2003 Server or Windows XP Clients, csharp,MicrosoftSQL Server 2005, Visual C/cplusplus, and Visual Basic 6.0. The main focus of the contracted Resource(s) will be to provide application maintenance and enhancements in a release structure. Other support activities may include providing business knowledge and technical support. In general, key aspects of the role are: - Identifying client requirements and specifying resulting system changes; - Programming planned enhancements; - Supporting the acceptance testing environments; - Ensuring changes to the application meet the Department standards; - Providing on call support after regular business hours on an as needed basis; - Working with automated tools used to support the application. Supervisory duties are not required at this time, although the successful Resource(s) may be responsible for providing direction on projects and/or tasks. The successful candidate(s) must possess excellent interpersonal skills and experience in communicating directly with the client community, along with a proven ability to function within a team. Resources must also possess excellent diagnostic and problem solving skills. Education and past experience should be in keeping with that required to fully understand the technical aspects of the tasks. The work location is the 8th floor at 9942-108 Street, Edmonton, Alberta. The standard workweek is comprised of five (5) days at 7.25 hours per day. Typical business hours are from 8:15 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. to 4:30 p.m., with resources starting no earlier than 7:30 a.m. However, work hours may vary and overtime and/or standby time may be required. The Department will pay the hourly rate submitted in the response for all overtime hours worked. The successful candidate is required to adhere to the Department's business dress code requiring that personnel present a neat appearance with appropriate clothing and to provide their own stationery supplies. URL_TAG 
29970.txt	TASK BASED INFORMATICS PROFESSIONAL SERVICES REQUIREMENT (CSC File No. 21120-12-1649347)  NOTICE OF PROPOSED PROCUREMENT (NPP) This requirement is for the department of: Correctional Service Canada (CSC) This requirement is for:  One (1), Level two (2), A.10 Test Coordinator and four (4) Level two (2), A.11 Testers This requirement is open only to the following companies: 1. A.Net Solutions Inc. 2. Aerotek ULC o/a TEKsystems Canada 3. BMB Data Consulting Services Inc. 4. Cistel Technology Inc. 5. Conseillers en Informatique d'affaires CIA Inc. 6. CORADIX Technology Consulting Ltd. 7. Decisive Technologies Inc. 8. Design Group Staffing Inc. o/a The People Bank, a division of Design Group Staffing Inc. 9. FoxRed Consulting Inc., CloseReach Ltd. in Joint Venture 10. Fujitsu Consulting (Canada) Inc. / Fujitsu Conseil (Canada) Inc 11. iFathom Corp. 12. IMP Group Limited 13. Integrity Canada Inc. 14. Larus Technologies Corporation 15. MRF Geosystems Corporation 16. Nortak Software Ltd. 17. Olav Consulting Corp 18. SOMOS Consulting Group Ltd. 19. Symbiotic Group Inc., The Basic Group Inc. in Joint Venture 20. TPG Technology Consulting Ltd. and InRound Innovations CJV 21. Watershed Information Technology Inc., ED-COM Software Inc. and IDEV Solutions Inc. as a contractual Joint Venture Request for Proposal (RFP) documents will be e-mailed directory, from the contracting officer, to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. Inquiries regarding this RFP requirement are to be submitted to the contracting officer listed below: File Number: 21120-12-1649347 Contracting Officer: Michèle Chouinard Phone Number: 613-943-3055 Fax Number: 613-992-1217 Email: EMAIL_TAG 
33873.txt	Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Requirement Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Requirement This requirement is for Human Resources and Social Development Canada  This requirement is open only to those Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under (Tier 1) for requirement up to and including $2M stream for: Applications services Sub-Class and Business Services Class. This requirement is open only to those TBIPS Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under the categories for: A.14 Web Developers, Level 2 The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal. OLAV CONSULTING CORP EXCEL HUMAN RESOURCES INC. ADRM TECHNOLOGY CONSULTING GROUP CORP. (O/A ADRMTEC) WATERSHED INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INC., ED-COM SOFTWARE INC. AND IDEV SOLUTIONS INC. AS A CONTRACTUAL IN JV VERITAAQ TECHNOLOGY HOUSE INC. THE BARRINGTON CONSULTING GROUP INCORPORATED Description of the requirement: The Innovation, Information and Technology Branch (IITB) has a requirement for two web development consultants. In keeping with the Grants and Contributions initiative, HRSDC is working towards enabling organizations to apply online for all HRSDC programs, track the progress of their application form, administer approved projects and submit claims for payments.  Proposed period of contract: The proposed period of contract shall be from contract award and ends March 31st, 2012, Option period (1) from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013. File Number: 9638-11-0001 Contracting Authority: Elaine Casselman Fax Number: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG NOTE: Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on an annual basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG 
31944.txt	1000299572 TBIPS Application/Software Architect Level 3 Notice of Proposed Procurement (NPP) 1000299572 (PWGSC SA No. EN578-55605) (TBIPS) This requirement is for the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA).  Under the Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Method of Supply, we have a requirement for the following:   - 1 Application/Software Architect Level 3 The following SA holders have been invited to submit a bid; Alika Internet Technologies Inc.  Fujitsu Consulting (Canada) Inc/Fujitsu Conseil (Canada) Inc.  IT/Net Ottawa Inc. (o/a IT/Net)  Leverage Technology Resources Inc. (o/a Leverage Tek & Farlane Systems in JV)  Modis Canada Inc.  Nisha Technologies Inc.  Olav Consulting Corp  Randstad Interim Inc (o/a Sapphire Canada, a division of Randstad Interim Inc.)  Trillys Systems Inc.  Yoush Inc.  BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. Inquiries regarding this RFP are to be submitted to ONLY the contracting officer listed below: File Number: 1000299572 Contracting Officer: David Franklin Email: EMAIL_TAG 
34521.txt	Server Virtualization Software Solution (SVSS) Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Suppliers on permanent list or able to meet qualification requirements Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: SERVER VIRTUALIZATION SOFTWARE SOLUTION (SVSS) This bid solicitation is being issued to satisfy the requirement f Passport Canada (PPTC) for Software Licenses and Maintenance and Support under the Software Licensing Supply Arrangement (SLSA) method of supply. This requirement is open only to those Supply Arrangement Holders and Approved Class 1 Resellers who qualified under solicitation EN578-100808/D. Request for Supply Arrangement solicitation EN578-100808/D is continuously posted on GETS, allowing suppliers to submit arrangements at any time. Submissions by bidders who qualify under solicitation EN578-100808/D prior to the bid close will be considered. Canada has an initial requirement for a commercially available Server Virtualization Software Solution (the "Software Solution") for Passport Canada. The deliverables must include perpetual Licenses to the Licensed Software, a 12-month warranty, maintenance and support services, and software documentation. This bid solicitation process may result in the award of a contract for one (1) year plus two (2) one-year irrevocable ptions allowing Canada to extend the term of the contract as well as the option to increase the scope of the software licenses. Passport Canada has an ongoing requirement to periodically refresh its Canada-wide network supporting travel document issuance. In order to provide higher levels of service, reduce costs, provide increased redundancy and establish a means to update the 'back-end' baseline in a more efficient and cost effective manner, PPTC requires a Server Virtualization Software Solution. All parts of the Software Solution must be available to the Users 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, in English and operate at all times in accordance with the Statement of Requirement (SOR) in the Client's operational environment described in the bid solicitation. The requirement is subject to the provisions of the World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP), the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), and the Agreement n Internal Trade (AIT). See Bid Solicitation Document for further details. Proposals may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Emily Dolan Supply Officer Software Licensing Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) 4C1, Place du Portage III 11 Laurier St. Gatineau, Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG Questions can be submitted through email to EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Dolan, Emily 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 4C1, Place du Portage III Gatineau Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39203.txt	FortiGate Head end Firewall ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Information & Communication Technologies DATE ISSUED: 28/12/2011 ISSUED BY: ICT Procurement Br TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG QUOTES MUST BE SUBMITTED ON THE GOVERNMENT OF MANITOBA FORM DOWNLOADED FROM MERX AND COMPLETED IN ITS ENTIRETY. QUOTES FROM VENDORS WILL BE DISQUALIFED IF THE VENDOR'S NAME IS NOT LISTED ON THE MERX DETAILED TRACKING REPORT AND/OR DO NOT SUBMIT QUOTES ON THE PROPER FORM.  ITEM QTY DESCRIPTION DELIVERY NO. DATE ======================================================== ITEM 10 13/01/2012 1.00 Each GSIN: N7025MATERIAL: 99461010 COMPUTER HARDWARE AS DESCRIBED BELOW: FortiGate 200A head end firewall (Material #FG-200A-US) or FortiGate 300A head end firewall (Material# FG-300A-US) Manitoba requires 1(one) new or used network security head-end firewall device identical to either of its existing devices, to be used as a rapid deployment replacement in any situation where either of the existing head-end devices experiences a hardware failure. Earliest possible delivery date required after receipt of purchase rder. ======================================================== Proposed Delivery Address: Government of Manitoba Business Transformation and Technology 1200-215 Garry St Winnipeg, MB POSTALCODE_TAG Attention: Michael Hopper 204-794-5468 TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO: ICT Procurement Business Transformation and Technology 1100-215 Garry Street Winnipeg MB Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Return completed form to fax PHONENUMBER_TAG or email @ EMAIL_TAG 
29804.txt	1 or more csharp Systems Analysts The Alberta Department of Energy, Information Management and Technology Services Branch (IM&TS), Business Solutions Delivery, requires the services of: 1 or more csharp Systems Analysts Provide application services within the Alberta Department of Energy. The Resource(s) will be responsible for development, maintenance, testing and support of applications and interfaces accessing desktop and web applications currently in use within the Alberta Department of Energy. Reporting to the Associate Director of Royalty/Tenure/Communication Applications, the Resource(s) will work under the direction and supervision of a Team Leader. The application environment consists of microcomputer applications running on Intel boxes utilizing Microsoft Windows NT Server, Windows 2003 or Windows XP Clients, csharp andMicrosoftSQL Server. In general, key aspects of the role are: - Identifying and documenting client requirements and specifying resulting system changes; - Programming planned enhancements; - Testing system changes; - Providing daily production support and end user support; - Ensuring changes to the application meet the department standards and follow the department's change management processes; - Maintaining system documentation for the applications including standards and guidelines; and - Providing on call support after regular business hours as required. Supervisory duties are not required at this time, although the successful Resource(s) may be responsible for providing direction on projects and/or tasks. The successful candidate(s) must possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills and experience in communicating directly with the client community, along with a proven ability to function within a team. Resources must also possess excellent diagnostic and problem solving skills. Education and past experience should be in keeping with that required to fully understand the technical aspects of the tasks. The work location is the 8, 9 & 10th floors at 9942-108 Street, Edmonton, Alberta. The standard workweek is comprised of five (5) days at 7.25 hours per day. Typical business hours are from 8:15 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. to 4:30 p.m., with resources starting no earlier than 7:30 a.m. However, work hours may vary and overtime and/or standby time may be required. The Department will pay the hourly rate submitted in the response for all overtime hours worked. The successful candidate is required to adhere to the Department's business dress code requiring that personnel present a neat appearance with appropriate clothing and to provide their own stationery supplies. URL_TAG 
33935.txt	Graphical User interface (GUI) for theexploittion of intelligence sensemaking services. Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Title: Graphical User interface (GUI) for the exploitation of intelligence sensemaking services. PURPOSE The Statement of Work (SOW) describes the services required by Defence research and development Canada - Valcartier (DRDC Valcartier) aim at carrying out the following objectives : The objective of this contract is to develop Graphical User Interface (GUI) components for the exploitation of intelligence sensemaking services that runs on the Intelligence S&T Integration Platform (ISTIP) of the Intelligence and Information (I&I) Section at DRDC Valcartier. BACKGROUND Multiple Intelligence Tools Suite (MITS) The Multiple Intelligence Tools Suite (MITS) has been developed at DRDC Valcartier as a federation of innovative, composable and interoperable intelligence related tools, which are integrated and interleaved into an overall, continuous process flow relevant to the intelligence community. The MITS has continuously evolved over the last few years and has reach some maturity, especially regarding its graphical user interface (GUI) that makes the exploitation of its tools suite intuitive, efficient and appealing for the analysts. Intelligence S&T Integration Platform (ISTIP) At one point during the development of the MITS, it was realized that the initial technological platform and approach used was not appropriate anymore for a system of this size and complexity. Some thinking about this issue led to the conclusion that technologies related to service-oriented solutions would better match a system such as the MITS. The development of the Intelligence S&T Integration Platform (ISTIP) was thus initiated at DRDC Valcartier to become the new spinal column of the MITS. Using open source Web services technologies and service-oriented architecture (SOA) design principles, the ISTIP provides a backbone, integration reference platform for the iterative and incremental development and integration of the innovative, loosely coupled, reusable, composable and interoperable services required to perform tasks in computer-based intelligence support systems. FIELD OF THE WORK The objectives of Defence research and development Canada - Valcartier for the present project is to execute the following tasks: Task 1: Knowledge Engineering Support Task 2: Exploitation of Automated Reasoning Services Task 3: Generation of Situational Facts Task 4: Exploitation of Situational Facts Task 5: Subject Lists Generation and Exploitation Task 6: Overall Sensemaking Support System Management Panel Task 7: Development of the Graphical User Interface Components Task 8: Demonstration of the Graphical User Interface Components Task 9: Project Management Period of contract: From date of award to March 31, 2012. Point Rated Technical Criteria Technical proposal /Strategy, appoach, methodology 40 points Technical proposal / Demonstration of expertise 70 points Competence and experience of the personnel directly involved in the project 103 points Management - Project manager 15 points Management - Effort allocation to tasks 40 points Management - Assignment of personnel 50 points Capabilities and experience of the firm 10 points Contract funding The maximum funding available for the contract resulting from the bid solicitation is $200 000.00 CAD (Goods and Services Tax r the Harmonized Sales Tax extra, as appropriate). Ownership of Intellectual Property :  Defence Research and Development Canada - Valcartier has determined that any intellectual property rights arising from the performance of the Work under the resulting contract will belong to Canada. Other information : The requirement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT). The requirement is limited to Canadian goods and/or services. This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. W7701-125157/A Brisebois, Aline Ndegrees de téléphone - PHONENUMBER_TAG Nº fax - PHONENUMBER_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Brisebois, Aline 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28657.txt	Microsoft Dynamics GP Software Purchase, Installation and Intergration Workplace Safety North is seeking a Certified vendor of Microsoft Dynamics GP Software to plan, provide, install, configure and train staff on the accounting software. The vendor will need to migrate 2011 accounting data into Great Plains from AccPac. Post-implementation support will be required. 
39177.txt	Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Requirement This requirement is for Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada This requirement is open only to those Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under Tier "1" (= $0-$2M ) streams for Project Management Services. This requirement is open only to those invited TBIPS Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under the categories for: Project Manager Project Scheduler Project Coordinator The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal. Design Group Staffing Inc (o/a The People Bank, a division of Design Group Staffing Inc.) Artemp Personnel Services Inc. TRM Technologies Inc. Modis Canada Inc. Taligent Consulting Inc. Coretracks Inc., Clarity.ca in Joint Venture (o/a CoreTracks and Clarity) Description of the requirement: The Department of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada has a requirement for the provision of IT professional services in the National Capital Region for Project Management Services. Proposed period of contract: The proposed period of contract shall be from date of contract award October 31,2014 File Number: 7200000382  Contracting Authority: Colby Collinge Phone Number: 306-780-5058 Fax Number: 306-780-6683 E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG NOTE: Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on an annual basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG 
30017.txt	Technical Analyst / Software Architect – LEVEL 3 File/Solicitation Number:  201202350 Title:  Technical Analyst / Software Architect – LEVEL 3 Description:  The purpose of this Request for Proposal (RFP) is to obtain a LEVEL 3 Technical Analyst/Software Architect with comprehensive understanding of the technical capabilities and systems currently in place as well as Business Intelligence Cognos software. The Procurement tool being used for this requirement is the Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Tier 1 Supply Arrangement (SA).  List of Invited Vendors: Larus Technologies Corporation OpenFrame Technologies, Inc. Night Hawk Technologies Inc.,Les Technologies STAY Inc, IN JOINT VENTURE IBISKA Telecom Inc. Cistel Technology Inc. OSI Consulting Proposed Period of the Contract: The resulting contract shall be from the date of contract award to March 31st, 2012. In addition, the RCMP has an irrevocable option to extend the contract for two (2) additional twelve (12) month periods. Option periods could be less than twelve months.  
36013.txt	Opportunity Description: Delivery Required 2012-01-06 December 14, 2011: Please Note that Questions Period closes at end of business day December 16, 2011. Attached for your information is a set of questions and answers.   Amendment # 1 December 7, 2011: A set of questions and answers have been posted as an attachment to this proposal call.   This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must btain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. RETURN TO: CENTRAL TENDERING BRANCH P.O. Box 8000 Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Marysville Place Room Number 205, 20 McGloin Street Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG Public opening of bids will take place on closing day at 14:00 Atlantic Time, in Marysville Place, Room 205, 20 McGloin Street, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG. All bids must be stated in Canadian Funds. All tenders must be F.O.B. destination, freight prepaid. Sales taxes should not be included in the unit, extended or total prices. This Invitation is being conducted under the provisions of the Public Purchasing Act and Regulation as of the date of the issuance of the Invitation. Bidders may obtain a copy of the Act and Regulation from The Queen's Printer, Province of N.B., P.O. Box 6000, Fredericton, N.B. E3B 5H1 The Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms & Conditions for Goods and Services apply to this procurement and are considered to be incorporated into this document. By submitting a bid, you agree and accept these terms and conditions. Current "Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions" are available on the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, the Council of Atlantic Premiers' Website or from an authorized service provider. A bidder must obtain official bid documents from a distribution service, authorized by the Minister of Supply and Services, in order to submit a bid. The current authorized distribution services are the New Brunswick Opportunities Network (NBON) (operated by the Department of Supply and Services, Province of NB), BIDS (operated by Tendering Publications Ltd.) and MERX (operated by Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Failure to submit the official bid documents or provide proof that the official bid documents were properly obtained will result in rejection of the bid. In order to facilitate the evaluation process, Bidders are requested to respond in the same format as the official bid documents. For procurements which are not subject to the provisions of one or more of the interprovincial procurement agreements, the Province of New Brunswick reserves the right to apply Provincial or regional Preferences, consider local content in the evaluation of bids and/or refuse to consider bids from vendors from other jurisdictions when it is considered to be in the best interests of the Province. When determining the use of these conditions, the Province will consider, among other factors, the extent to which New Brunswick vendors have access to equivalent procurement pportunities in those jurisdictions and the treatment accorded by those jurisdictions to bids from New Brunswick vendors. The Province will be the sole judge of whether these conditions will be used and the extent to which they will be applied. All discounts quoted will be considered to be without limitations. Payment of invoices is the responsibility of the department or rganization to whom the goods are shipped or services are supplied. Award of contracts: no contract shall be awarded and no payment shall be made to a vendor unless authorized by the Minister or his delegates. The Minister may make an award to the preferred vendor conditional on the negotiation and acceptance of a detailed contract between the Province and the vendor. In such cases, should the detailed contract negotiations not be completed in a reasonable period of time, the Province reserves the right to discontinue negotiations with the vendor and subsequently enter into negotiations with the second preferred vendor. No right or duty, in whole or in part, of the vendor under a contract issued may be assigned or delegated without the prior consent of the Central Purchasing Branch. Unless the Central Purchasing Branch has determined otherwise prior to tender closing, all prices must be extended and totalled. Direct Deposit The province of New Brunswick is now using Direct Deposit as the standard method of government payments. Suppliers are required to provide bank account information (and email address if available) for remittance. Please send the completed Direct Deposit Form to the New Brunswick Internal Services Agency as indicated on the form. Item #: 1 Commodity No.: N7030 Quantity: 1 Each Request for Proposls for the provison of Dashboard Software, implementation, customization and/or maintenance of such product on behalf of the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Agency, Province of New Brunswick. As per the terms and conditons of the proposal document available as an attachment to this proposal call. Please Note: For ease of responding aMicrosoftWord copy of the RFP document is provided as an attachment to this proposal call. Vendors that access our documents via another tender site will be requireed to sign on to the New Brunswick Opportunities Network at URL_TAG Search for tender number 6302002. Shuld you have any problems in locating or downloading the documents please contact our HELP Line as follows: Canada: 1-800-561-1422 USA/Others 506-444-5636. Plese Note that the HELP Line and the Central Purchasing Branch will be closed from December 23, 2011 to and including January 2, 2012. Assistance cannot be provided during this period. No totals required. This procurement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement on Internal Trade, the Atlantic Procurement Agreement and the Quebec-New Brunswick Procurement Agreement. ADP SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT SERVICES     Livraison requise 2012-01-06 December 14, 2011: Please Note that Questions Period closes at end of business day December 16, 2011. Attached for your information is a set of questions and answers.   Amendment # 1 December 7, 2011: A set of questions and answers have been posted as an attachment to this proposal call.   La présente est un avis d'appel d'offres seulement. Afin de présenter une soumission, vous devez obtenir les documents de soumission officiels en vous adressant au Réseau de possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick, à un service de distribution autorisé ou à une autre source telle qu'indiquée dans l'avis d'appel d'offres. RETOURNER À : SECTION CENTRALE DES APPELS D'OFFRES C.P. 8000 Fredericton (N.-B.) POSTALCODE_TAG Place Marysville 20, rue McGloin, Bureau 205, Fredericton (N.-B.) POSTALCODE_TAG Téléc. PHONENUMBER_TAG L'ouverture publique des soumissions se fera la journée de fermeture à14 h, heure de l'Atlantique, Place Marysville, 20, rue McGloin, Bureau 205, Fredericton, (N.-B.) POSTALCODE_TAG. Toutes les soumissions doivent être indiqué en dollars canadiens. Présenter toutes les soumissions F.À.B. destination, port payé. Les taxes de vente ne devraient pas être incluses dans les prix unitaires, additionnés ou totaux. Le présent appel d'offres est tenu en vertu des dispositions de la Loi sur les achats public et de ses règlements d'application à compter de la date de lancement de l'appel d'offres. Les soumissionnaires peuvent obtenir une copie de la Loi et ses règlements auprès de l'Imprimeur de la Reine, province du Nouveau Brunswick, C.P. 6000, Fredericton (N. B.) POSTALCODE_TAG. Les Conditions générales normalisées des provinces de l'Atlantique pour les marchés de biens et services s'appliquent à cet achat et sont réputées faire partie du présent document. En présentant une offre, vous approuvez et acceptez ces conditions générales. Vous pouvez obtenir les « Conditions générales normalisées des provinces de l'Atlantique » courantes par le biais du Réseau de possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick, le site Web du Conseil des premiers ministres de l'Atlantique ou par l'entremise d'un fournisseur de services autorisé. Le soumissionnaire doit obtenir les documents de soumission officiels d'un service de distribution autorisé par le ministre de l'Approvisionnement et des Services afin de pouvoir présenter sa soumission. Ces services de distribution autorisés sont :le Réseau des possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick (RPANB) (offert par le ministère de l'Approvisionnement et des Services du Nouveau Brunswick), BIDS (offert par Tendering Publications Ltée) et MERX (offert par Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Pour qu'une soumission soit acceptée, il faut qu'elle soit présentée sur des formules officielles ou que l'on puisse montrer que les formules ont été obtenues de façon dûment autorisée. Dans le but de faciliter le processus d'évaluation, on demande aux soumissionnaires de répondre selon le même format que celui du document de soumission officiel. Pour les approvisionnements qui ne sont pas assujettis aux dispositions de l'un ou l'autre des accords commerciaux entre provinces, la province du Nouveau Brunswick se réserve le droit d'appliquer des préférences provinciales ou régionales, de considérer le contenu local dans l'évaluation des soumissions ou encore de refuser de considérer les soumissions présentées par les vendeurs d'autres territoires lorsque l'on considère que c'est au mieux des intérêts de la Province. En déterminant le recours à ces conditions, la Province tiendra compte, entre autres facteurs, de la capacité des vendeurs du Nouveau Brunswick d'avoir accès aux possibilités de marchés publics équivalents dans d'autres territoires et du traitement accordé par ces territoires aux soumissions présentées par les vendeurs du Nouveau Brunswick. La Province est la seule à pouvoir déterminer si ces conditions sont appliquées et jusqu'à quel point. Tous les rabais indiqués dans la soumission seront considérés être sans restriction. Le paiement des factures est la responsabilité du Ministère ou l'organisation à qui les biens ont été envoyés ou les services fournis. Adjudication des contrats : aucun contrat ne doit être accordé ni aucun paiement versé à un vendeur à moins d'avoir été autorisé par le Ministre u les personnes désignées par lui. Le Ministre peut accorder un contrat à un vendeur privilégié à condition qu'un contrat détaillé ait été négocié et accepté entre la Province et le vendeur. Dans ce cas, si les négociations du contrat détaillé ne sont pas terminées dans un délai raisonnable, la Province se réserve le droit d'interrompre les négociations avec le vendeur et d'entreprendre par la suite des négociations avec le vendeur privilégié suivant. Aucun droit ni obligation, en totalité ou en partie, du vendeur en vertu du contrat accordé ne peut être attribué ou délégué sans le consentement écrit préalable de la Direction centrale des achats. À moins d'un avis contraire de la Centrale des achats avant la fin de l'appel d'offres, tous les prix doivent être calculés et totalisés. Dépôt direct La province du Nouveau-Brunswick utilise maintenant le dépôt direct comme méthode de paiement pour le gouvernement. Les fournisseurs doivent fournir l'information sur leur compte bancaire (et adresse de courriel si possible) pour obtenir leur paiement. Veuillez envoyer le Formulaire pour le virement direct de fonds dûment rempli à l'Agence des services internes du Nouveau-Brunswick comme il est indiqué sur le formulaire. Nº d'article: 1 Ndegrees de la marchandise: N7030 Quantity: 1 Chacun Request for Proposls for the provison of Dashboard Software, implementation, customization and/or maintenance of such product on behalf of the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Agency, Province of New Brunswick. As per the terms and conditons of the proposal document available as an attachment to this proposal call. Please Note: For ease of responding aMicrosoftWord copy of the RFP document is provided as an attachment to this proposal call. Vendors that access our documents via another tender site will be requireed to sign on to the New Brunswick Opportunities Network at URL_TAG Search for tender number 6302002. Shuld you have any problems in locating or downloading the documents please contact our HELP Line as follows: Canada: 1-800-561-1422 USA/Others 506-444-5636. Plese Note that the HELP Line and the Central Purchasing Branch will be closed from December 23, 2011 to and including January 2, 2012. Assistance cannot be provided during this period. Aucun total exigé. Le présent marché est assujetti à l'Entente sur le Commerce Intérieur, à l'Entente sur les Marchés Publics de l'Atlantique et à l'Accord de Libéralisation des Marchés Publics du Québec et du Nouveau-Brunswick. SERVICES D'ELABORATION DE SYSTEMES DE TAI     Administrative address is Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton, New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Delivery Address is CENTRAL TENDERING AS INDICATED BELOW Fredericton, New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG     L'adresse administrative est Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton, Nouveau-Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG L'adresse de livrraison est CENTRAL TENDERING AS INDICATED BELOW Fredericton, Nouveau-Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG
33093.txt	Opportunity Description: Project Requirements   Work Tasks   Scoping and creation of an appropriate VMWare vCenter virtual server to meet the requirements outlined below.   Installation and configuration of Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 5 into a VMware vCenter virtual server environment.  Installation and configuration of Oracle 11g Enterprise Edition DBMS on above server.  Migration and upgrade of 4 test databases and 3 production databases from a physical RHEL4 server running Oracle 9i to the new Oracle 11g/RHEL5 server.  Installation and configuration of the CommServ Backup Agent.  Installation and configuration of the Oracle Enterprise Manager Agent.  Configuration of application servers to take utilize the new database servers.  Testing and confirmation of new server setup.  Documentation of server and database configuration demonstrating use of best practices.  Technical review of as-built server with College IT staff.  Deployment of new server to production.
36440.txt	Up to three Programmer/Software Developers, Level 3 Notice of Proposed Procurement (NPP) 1000301552 (PWGSC SA No. EN578-55605) (TBIPS) This requirement is for the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA).  Under the Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Method of Supply, we have a requirement for the following:   - Up to three Programmer/Software Developers, Level III  IT professional services are required for a period of two years from Contract award with one one-year option period. Services are required to assist the CBSA in fulfilling their mandate. The following SA holders have been invited to submit a bid: Donna Cona Inc. Prologic Systems Ltd. IT/Net Ottawa Inc. (o/a IT/Net) Info-Electronics HP Systems Inc. (o/a Info-Electronics Systems Inc.) IMP Group Limited (o/a IMP Solutions – Nova Scotia) Robertson & Company Ltd. Aerotek ULC (o/a TEKsystems Canada) TPG Technology Consulting Ltd. Esper Consulting Inc. Equasion Business Technologies Consulting Inc. (o/a Equasion)   BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. Inquiries regarding this RFP are to be submitted to the contracting officer listed below: File Number: 1000301552 Contracting Officer: Lisa Latendresse Email: EMAIL_TAG 
33944.txt	PROFESSIONAL SERVICES Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Suppliers on permanent list or able to meet qualification requirements Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Requirement This requirement is for the Department of National Defence This requirement is open only to those Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under Tier 2 stream for Technology Services Class, IM/IT Services Sub-Class and Business Services Class. This requirement is open only to those TBIPS Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under the categories for: B.13 Operations Support Specialist I.9 System Administrator I.11 Technology Architect The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal: 529040 ONTARIO INC and 880382 ONTARIO INC (o/a GSI International Consulting Group) 802732 Ontario Inc. (o/aTAG HR - The Associates Group Human Resources ) Accenture ADGA Group Consultants Inc. ADRM TECHNOLOGY CONSULTING GROUP CORP (o/a ADRMTEC) ADRM Technology Consulting Group Corp. and Randstad Interim Inc in JV (o/a Saphire Canada) Aerotek ULC (o/a TEKsystems Canada) Altis Human Resources (Ottawa) Inc. and Excel Human Resources Inc., in Joint Venture AMITA Corporation BMB Data Consulting Services Inc. CAE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES (CANADA) INC Calian Ltd. CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc. CISTEL TECHNOLOGY INC, TECSIS CORPORATION IN JOINT VENTURE Cistel Technology Inc. Computer Sciences Canada Inc. /Les sciences de l'informatique Canada Inc Conseillers en Informatique d'affaires C I A inc. CORADIX Technology Consulting Ltd. CSI Consulting Inc, FoxWise Technologies Inc.,DWP Solutions Inc., Innovision Consulting Inc. in JV Dalian Enterprises and Coradix Technology Consulting, in Joint Venture DARE Human Resources Corporation (o/a DARE HR ) Deloitte Inc. DONNA CONA INC. DONNA CONA INC., IBM CANADA LIMITED IN JOINT VENTURE Eagle Professional Resources Inc EMERION EXCEL HUMAN RESOURCES INC. FUJITSU CONSULTING (CANADA) INC/FUJITSU CONSEIL (CANADA) INC HARRINGTON MARKETING LIMITED (o/a Harrington Staffing/Informatics Resources) Hewlett-Packard (Canada) Co. Hewlett-Packard (Canada) Cie I4C INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CONSULTING INC (o/a I4C Consulting Inc) IBISKA Telecom Inc. IBISKA Telecom Inc. and C M Inc., as a contractual Joint Venture IBM Canada Ltd. IFATHOM CORP, SIMFRONT SIMULATION SYSTEMS CORPORATION, ING ENGINEERING INC., in JV IT/Net Ottawa Inc. (o/a IT/Net) Manpower Services Canada Limited (o/a Manpower) MAPLESOFT CONSULTING INC. (o/a Maplesoft Group) Messa Computing Inc. MetaData Consultants Inc. Michael Wager Consulting Inc. (o/a MWCO) MODIS CANADA INC. Nisha Technologies Inc. Nisha Technologies Inc., Contract Community Inc., IN JOINT VENTURE NORTAK SOFTWARE LTD. Professional Computer Consultants Group Ltd. (o/a Procom) Randstad Interim Inc S I Systems Ltd Sierra Systems Group Inc. SYSTEMATIX SOLUTIONS TI INC/SYSTEMATIX IT SOLUTIONS INC (o/a Systematix IT Solutions Inc.) Systemscope Inc., LNW Consulting Inc., Perfortics Consulting Inc., VK Computer Systems Inc., Lansdowne Technology Services Inc., IN JOINT VENTURE TELUS Communications Inc. (o/a TELUS) The Bell Telephone Company of Canada or Bell Canada/La Compagnie de Téléphone Bell du Canada ou Bell The Devon Group Ltd. The Halifax Group TPG Technology Consulting Ltd. TPG Technology Consulting Ltd. and InRound Innovations CJV TRM Technologies Inc. Turtle Technologies Inc. Unisys Canada Inc. Valcom Consulting Group Inc. Veritaaq Technology House Inc. Zylog Systems (Ottawa) Ltd. Description of the requirement: The Department of National Defence (DND) has a requirement for the services of 4 categories of resources to provide "as and when requested" professional services to perform upgrades, configuration, management and support and monitoring of hardware, servers, operating systems and application software. Proposed period of contract: It is anticipated that up to two Contracts will be awarded, each for a period of two years, with Canada retaining irrevocable ptions to extend each resulting Contract for up to two additional one-year periods. File Number: W8484-09P2DZ/A Contracting Authority: Angela Durigan Phone Number: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG NOTE: Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on an annual basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Durigan, Angela 11 Laurier St., / 11, rue Laurier 3C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29045.txt	Request for Information: Investment (Private Debt) Deal Flow Software OPB is conducting a request for information ("RFI") to obtain industry information from qualified financial industry technology providers ("Respondents") to enhance OPB's understanding of commercially available software applications (the "Tool") available for deployment in either a SaaS or client hosted environment to enhance OPB's Private Debt deal execution process and operational capabilities. Please refer to the associated document for complete details.  
39239.txt	Opportunity Description: The City of Calgary ("The City") is issuing this Request for Proposal (RFP) with the intent of identifying an organization to work with our Information Technology (IT) Business Unit to provide industry best practice expertise around Project Portfolio Management (PPM) design, technical expertise and support for the transition from Microsoft Project Server (MSPS) 2003 to MSPS 2010.
37306.txt	PeopleSoft HCM Upgrade & Transformation Project The Calgary Board of Education is undertaking a PeopleSoft HCM Upgrade & Transformation Project and is looking to fill the following PeopleSoft HCM consulting positions for this project: 1.PeopleSoft HCM Project Director (1) 2.PeopleSoft HCM Technical Upgrade Consultant (1) 3.PeopleSoft HCM Functional Leads (5) 4.PeopleSoft HCM Change Management Consultants (3) 5.PeopleSoft HCM Technical Analyst–Software Development (2) URL_TAG 
39145.txt	RFP from Central Counties Tourism for Online Reservation Application Central Counties Tourism organization (Zone 6 Regional Tourism Organization) invites proposals from qualified service providers to provide an online reservation application/system to support fulfillment and marketing of regional tourism product. Introduction to Proponents: Central Counties Tourism was incorporated in 2010 as a not-for-profit, collaboratively managed organization with industry leadership, whose mandate is to support and grow tourism in a provincially designated tourism region, through strategic leadership and active, effective partnership with government and key tourism stakeholders. The development of the provincial tourism regions evolved from the Ontario Tourism Competitiveness Study: Discovering Ontario. A regional map of the Central Counties tourism region can be located on the Ministry of Tourism's website at URL_TAG Regional Tourism Organizations were established in regions across Ontario to work towards building a stronger, more competitive tourism industry. Each organization is responsible for working with tourism partners to enhance and grow tourism experiences and for marketing activities and products in the region. The Central Counties region is comprised of the geographic area of the municipal regions of Durham and York, and region represented by The Hills of Headwaters Tourism Association. Background regarding the establishment of the Central Counties Region and its mandate is available at URL_TAG The vision for the Central Counties region is to be widely recognized as a vibrant, exciting and diverse tourism destination, providing visitors with exceptional experiences. Our mission is to increase tourism by promoting and developing unique and competitive tourism products that attract high yield visitors from outside the region. Central Counties Tourism is focused on promoting the destination to a variety of visitor audiences including tourists, meeting & conference delegates and business travelers, residents, and festival and event attendees, including sporting events. Officially operating as a not-for-profit association, Central Counties Tourism represents a stakeholder base of public and private sector organizations. 
31518.txt	research and development - Development of IDA Pro Plug-ins and Associated Frameworks Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: 1. Title: research and development - Development of IDA Pro Plug-ins and Associated Frameworks 2. Objectives: The objectives of the various tasks are: 1- to design and maintain current reverse engineering software and the programming environment tools required to allow their interaction with other tools; 2- to analyze software to certify that they are secure or to study any known flaws; 3- to evaluate the performance of code analysis and vulnerability scanning software; and 4- to set up a laboratory environment to test the tools in a semi-real environment. 3. Background: The Software Analysis and Robustness (SAR) group, of the System f Systems section at DRDC Valcartier, has the mandate of analyzing the security and reliability of software used by its various clients. As part of this research, the SAR group keeps abreast of the state of knowledge on the various binary code analyzers and good practices for their use. However, often there is no software that meets a specific analysis need. In such cases, research must be done to find existing techniques to solve the problem or to see whether they can be tailored to DRDC Valcartier's context and tools. If not, new techniques need to be invented. In most cases, the tool of choice at DRDC Valcartier is a commercial disassembler called IDA Pro, a very powerful, extendable and well-known reverse engineering tool used internally by all DRDC Valcartier clients. 4. Tasks: The contract includes a mandatory tasks and tasks subject to a task authorization process. 4.1 Mandatory tasks The Contractor must carry out the two tasks described below. These two tasks can be carried out simultaneously Task 1 : Design and maintain current a reverse engineering software tool. The tool is an execution tracer that must generate assembler execution traces containing all of the information of the execution context, such as register values, values in memory and CPU flags. It must run on Windows. Task 2 : Evaluate the performance of some software programs, based on availability: MPack, Neosploit, Nukesploit Pack, Phoenix, SpyEye and Kobros. These programs are available free of charge, but are not all easy to find. Evaluate the software found. At minimum, the Contractor must evaluate one of these software programs. 4.2 Tasks subject to the task authorization process The following four tasks will be activated through the task authorization process as and when required. It is anticipated that most of the work will be done through task 3. Task 3: Design and maintain current an IDA Pro plug-in and its associated framework Task 4: Analyze the security of a software program. Task 5: Evaluate the performance of a software program Task 6: Set up or update a laboratory Please note that for each of the above tasks, sub-tasks are associated. 5. Work Location For security reasons, the majority of the work for tasks 1, 2 and 3 must be carried out at the DRDC Valcartier site, 2459 Boulevard Pie-XI North, Quebec City, Quebec, POSTALCODE_TAG. This work will be done on systems that are classified and/or reserved for government use. The development environment and licences cannot be removed from a government office. It is possible that a small part of the related work can be performed at the Contractor's site. These details will be specified in each task authorization. Tasks 4 and 5 may be carried out at the Contractor's premises. Part of the preparation work for task 6 could be carried out at the Contractor's premises, but the final products must be installed on the machines at the DRDC Valcartier laboratories. 6. Client department : Defence Research and Development Canada - Valcartier (DRDC-Valcartier). 7. Period of the contract : The contract period is from the date of the contract to March 31, 2016. 8. Basis of Selection Basis of Selection - Lowest Evaluated Price Per Point 1. To be declared responsive, a bid must: (a) comply with all the requirements of the bid solicitation; (b) meet all mandatory technical evaluation criteria; (c) obtain the required minimum points for each criterion and each group of criteria with a pass mark; and (d) obtain the required minimum points overall for the technical evaluation criteria which are subject to point rating. Bids not meeting (a) or (b) or (c) or (d) will be declared non-responsive. Neither the responsive bid that receives the highest number of points nor the one that proposed the lowest price will necessarily be accepted. The responsive bid with the lowest evaluated price per point will be recommended for award f a contract. The evaluated price per point will be determined by dividing the evaluated price of the bid by the number of points obtained for the point rated technical evaluation criteria. In the event that two or more responsive bids have the same lowest evaluated price per point, the responsive bid which btained the highest number of points overall for the point rated technical evaluation criteria will be recommended for award of a contract. 9. Mandatory technical criteria 1. The bidder must provide the services of at least: a) one project manager; and b) one system administrator. 2. The bidder must, at minimum, provide the services of an intermediate developer with at least 24 months of relevant experience in the development of IDA Pro plug-ins and/or external tools synchronized with IDA Pro. 3. The bidder must, at minimum, provide the services of a second junior or intermediate developer with at least 12 months of experience in the development of software visualization. This developer cannot be the same individual proposed for the second mandatory criterion. 4. The bidder must, at minimum, provide the services of a developer with at least 30 months of relevant experience in software analysis. This developer can be the same individual proposed for the second or third mandatory criteria. 5. The proposed system administrators must have at least 12 months of experience in the installation of Windows systems and/or networks. 6. The proposed project managers must have at least 24 months of experience in software development project management. 10. Coteries of Point rated technical criteria 1. Technical methodology 2. Qualifications, experience and skills 3. Management methodology 11. Contract funding : The total estimated funding (GST / HST extra) for this contract is $900,000.00. 12. Ownership of Intellectual Property : Any intellectual property rights arising from the performance of the Work under the resulting contract will belong to Canada. 13. Security requirements : There is a security requirement associated with this requirement. For additional information, consult Part 6 - Security Requirements, and Part 7 - Resulting Contract Clauses. Bidders should consult the "Security Requirements for PWGSC Bid Solicitations - Instructions for Bidders" URL_TAG document on the Departmental Standard Procurement Documents Web site. 14. Other information : - The requirement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement n Internal Trade (AIT). - The requirement is limited to Canadian services. This PWGSC office provide purchasing services in both official languages (French and English) / Ce bureau de TPSGC fournit des services d'approvisionnement dans les deux langues officielles (français et anglais). Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Boudrias, Marie-M. 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39114.txt	Level 3 Testers Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Requirement   This requirement is for: Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA).  This requirement is open only to those Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under Tier 1 stream for Application Services in the National Capital Region.  This requirement is open only to those TBIPS Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under the categories for:   A.11 Tester - Level 3  The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal: 529040 Ontario Inc. and 880382 Ontario Inc. o/a GSI International Consulting Group 802732 Ontario Inc. o/a TAG HR – The Associates Group Human Resources S.i. Systems Ltd. Manpower Services Canada Limited o/a Experis/Manpower Group Maplesoft Consulting Inc. Zylog Systems (Ottawa) Ltd. o/a Brainhunter Ottawa Eagle Professional Resources Inc. iFathom Corp. Larus Technologies Corporation Design Group Staffing Inc. o/a The People Bank CAE Professional Services (Canada) Inc. TRM Technologies Inc. Adirondack Information Management Inc. ADGA Group Consultants Inc. Leverage Technology Resources Inc. and Farlane Systems Inc. in Joint Venture Description of the requirement:  The Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) requires the services of 8 Level 3 Testers, to be provided on an "as and when requested" basis in the National Capital Region.   Proposed period of contract:  The proposed period of contract will be from date of Contract for a period of one year, with an option to extend the resulting Contract for one additional one-year period.   File Number: 1000302838 Contracting Authority: Chris Moore Phone Number: 613-952-6033 E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG   NOTE: Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on an annual basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG. 
39294.txt	Opportunity Description: AIMCo is a crown corporation established on January 1, 2008 and whose sole shareholder is the Province of Alberta. AIMCo was incorporated for the purpose of providing investment management services to certain public sector entities designated by the Minister of Finance and Enterprise for the Province of Alberta. AIMCo is one of Canada's largest institutional investment managers and is responsible for the management of assets with a value of approximately $68 billion.   AIMCo is executing a number of system related projects including the implementation of a new portfolio accounting system from SimCorp A/S – SimCorp Dimension® ("SCD"), upgrades to Eagle PACE™ ("PACE") from Eagle Investment Systems LLC, a new information bus solution based on TIBCO ActiveMatrix Business Works™ from TIBCO Software, Inc. ("ESB"), and is also integrating peripheral systems for trading (Charles River and Calypso applications), real estate management, risk and performance.   AIMCo is executing a number of system related projects as described above (the "Program").   When completed, the Program will contribute to a broader process of integrating people, process and technology in effective ways in order to transform the organization  to a future state model which meets global standards for cost effectiveness, data integrity, strength of internal controls, and service levels.   AIMCo is seeking services under this RFP in support of the Program. AIMCo anticipates the successful Vendor to provide the following resource:   One (1) Lead Business Analyst   n a time and materials basis to deliver the Services described in this RFP. The Resource supplied by the successful Vendor will be expected to collaborate with resources from SimCorp, Eagle, Charles River, other consultants and AIMCo, which will include project managers, developers, business analysts and subject matter experts.
39208.txt	2 or more Acceptance Testing Technical Support Analysts The Alberta Department of Energy, Information Management and Technology Services Branch, requires the services of: 2 or more Acceptance Testing Technical Support Analysts Full time on a Time and Material basis to support the daily technical acceptance testing functions of the department. Reporting indirectly to the Director of Business Technology and Operations, the Resource(s) will work under the direction and supervision of the Acceptance Testing Technical Support Team Leader to provide technical support to Test Coordinators and business testers. The successful candidate will work within a blended team environment with both permanent and contracted resources within the department. Resource(s) will receive direction from the Team Leader to deliver acceptance testing technical support to meet the ongoing business needs of the clients. The successful candidate is expected to work both independently and within designated teams and should require little direction. The work will involve tasks ranging from planning through implementation in a complex business and technical environment. Supervisory duties are not required at this time, though the successful Resource(s) may be responsible for providing direction on projects and/or tasks. The successful candidate must possess excellent interpersonal skills and experience in communicating directly with the client community, and a proven ability to function within a team. The Resource(s) must also possess excellent diagnostic and problem solving skills. The Resource(s) will be self-motivated and demonstrate initiative while paying great attention to detail. Education and past experience should be in keeping with that required to fully understand the technical aspects of the tasks. The qualification sought would normally be obtained by a technical diploma or university (college) degree with an additional three years of progressive involvement with large production applications. The work location is the 4th floor NPP at 9945-108 Street, Edmonton, Alberta. The standard workweek is comprised of five (5) days at 7.25 hours per day. Typical business hours are from 8:15 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. to 4:30 p.m., with resources starting no earlier than 7:30 a.m. However, work hours may vary and overtime and/or standby time may be required. The Department will pay the hourly rate submitted in the response for all overtime hours worked. The successful candidate is required to adhere to the Department's business dress code requiring that personnel present a neat appearance with appropriate clothing and to provide their own stationery supplies. URL_TAG 
35549.txt	PROFESSIONAL SERVICES Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exclusive Rights Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: MICROSOFT CANADA INC. 1950 Meadowvale Blvd. Mississauga Ontario Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Nature of Requirements: PROFESSIONAL SERVICES ADVANCE CONTRACT AWARD NOTICE A. Explanation of What an ACAN is: An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting officer will proceed to a full tendering process. B. Definition of Requirement: Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC), on behalf f the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP), intends to enter into a contract with Microsoft Canada Inc. Canada, Ottawa, Ontario, for professional services on an "as and when requested" basis, for high level architectural design and assistance in support of plans and roadmaps to drive the implementation, configuration and integration of Microsoft Microsoft technologies-focused solutions, into RCMP's environment, such as Systems Center Operations Manager 2007, Systems Center Configuration Manager 2007, Microsoft Windows 2008 Active Directory and File and Print Services. The following categories of personnel are required to provide the range of services described herein: 1. Microsoft Systems Center Operations Manager (SCOM) 2. Microsoft Systems Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) 3. Microsoft Systems Active Directory (AD), File and Print Consultant 4. Engagement Senior Consultant 5. Exchange Consultant C. Name and Address of the Proposed Contractor: It is proposed to issue a contract to: Microsoft Canada Inc. 100 Queen Street Ottawa, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG Microsoft Canada Inc. has exclusive ownership rights to the Intellectual Property (IP) that will be used for the architecture and design for the RCMP's new platform infrastructure. Microsoft will develop strategies and plans to drive the implementation, configuration, and integration of MS technologies-focused solutions into RCMP's environment. MS consultants have exclusive knowledge that will be used to architect the solution so that it aligns with the products' technology roadmap. Microsoft Canada Inc. will be using their proprietary offerings and internal knowledge base in the form of implementation methodology and frameworks, including certifiedMicrosoftconsultants.  D. Applicability of Trade Agreements: This procurement is subject to the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), Chapter 10, Article 1016.2, (d), the World Trade Organization - Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP), Article XV.1, (d), the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT), Article 506, Part 12, (b), the Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA), Article Kbis-09, 1 (b) and (c), the Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (FTA), Article 1409, 1 (b) and (c), and the Canada-Columbia FTA, Article 1409, 1 (b) and (c). Comprehensive Land Claims Agreements (CLCAs) do not apply since the services will not be performed within the Comprehensive Land Claims Settlement areas. E. Applicable Limited Tendering Provisions: Section 6 of the Government Contract Regulations is being invoked, as only one firm is known to be capable of performing the work to be outlined in the resulting contract. F. Ownership of Intellectual Property: Ownership of Intellectual Property will rest with the Contractor. G. The Period of the Proposed Contract: The period of the proposed contract is from contract award date for six months, with the irrevocable option to extend the contract by an additional six month period. H. Security: There is a security requirement associated with this requirement. The supplier must hold a "Reliability Status" security clearance. I. Suppliers' Right to Submit a Statement of Capabilities:  Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services described herein, may submit a statement f capabilities in writing to the contact person identified at article K of this Notice, on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. J. Closing Date and Time for a Written Submission of a Statement of Capabilities: Closing date to submit a Statement of Capabilities is: December 13, 2011 at 2:00 p.m. EST. K. Inquiries and Submission of Statement of Capabilities: Inquiries and Statements of Capabilities must be submitted to the PWGSC Contracting Authority only. Inquiries and Statements f Capabilities may be submitted by e-mail, facsimile, or mail to: Name: Shannon Brewster E-mail: EMAIL_TAG Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Facsimile: PHONENUMBER_TAG Address: Portage III, 4C2 11 Laurier Street, Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Brewster, Shannon 4C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
28183.txt	RFI for SaaS PROJECT PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT TOOL Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: N/A - P&A/LOI Only Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: File No.: T8833-110048/A Contracting Authority: Robert (Bob) Dubé Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) (ALSO REFERRED TO AS "LETTER OF INTEREST") FOR A PROJECT PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (PPM) TOOL THIS IS NOT A BID SOLICITATION. INTRODUCTION Transport Canada (TC) is developing a new air cargo regime in Canada, one that enhances the layers of security that currently exist. The objective of the program is to mitigate security risks associated with air cargo, while at the same time ensuring the efficient flow of goods domestically and internationally. The implementation phase of the Air Cargo Security (ACS) Program commenced 1 April 2010 and is scheduled to complete on 31 March 2015, a five-year span. At the current time, the Air Cargo Security Program Management Office (PMO) uses a commercial Project & Portfolio Management (PPM) Tool. The Program acquired this PPM Tool as an interim measure while anticipating the results of a Transport Canada initiative to select a PPM Tool for the department. The Transport Canada decision on a department-wide tool has been delayed, and the contractual agreement between the Air Cargo Security Program and the PPM Tool provider will expire 31 March 2012. It is therefore necessary to solicit bids for the provision of a PPM Tool for the three year period from 1 April 2012 to 31 March 2015. There will be a provision for a two-year extension which may exercised at the discretion of the Air Cargo Security Program. OBJECTIVES The purpose of this RFI is to provide clear communication of the current service delivery model including the business and technical environment in which ACS Project & Portfolio Management (PPM) Tool is delivered. This document will provide a comprehensive overview of the end state conceptual operating model, and future ACS PPM Tool requirements. The fundamental business requirement is to provide the Air Cargo Security Program with a Software as a Service (SaaS) PPM Tool that will simplify and streamline the many project management and project administration functions typically performed on large government projects. The SaaS PPM Tool should be based on industry best practices such as the Project Management Institute's (PMI) Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK). The SaaS PPM Tool should improve efficiency by virtue of its ease of use, integration of multiple functions, accessibility by the team members and other stakeholders, and enhanced collaboration amongst team members. This project will only focus on review of various SaaS PPM Tool Solutions. The feedback and information received will be reviewed as part of the process of considering a Request for proposal (RFP). Any relevant information or knowledge that is relevant to the requirements and questions asked in the attached documentation is welcome. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Dubé, Robert 11 Laurier St. / 11 rue, Laurier 4C1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39168.txt	Software Package for Hydrodynamic Studies of Biofluid and Biostructural Mechanics Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Software Package for Hydrodynamic Studies of Biofluid and Biostructural Mechanics. Background Numerous problems confronting the Canadian Forces can be addressed using hydrodynamic simulations in which the properties and dynamics of physical materials are simulated computationally. For example, the response of biological tissues to high pressure explosive blast waves can be studied computationally, with a view to improving force protection. Requirement The Department of National Defence, Defence Research Development Canada (DRDC), Toronto, Ontario, has a requirement for the purchase of a commercially available, general purpose, state-of-the-art multi-physics software package (i.e., a hydrodynamic code) that enables the simulation of the effects of blast waves on human tissues and other related simulations, as detailed at Annex A of the Request for Proposal (RFP) document. The software is required as part of the Hydrodynamic Studies of Biofluid and Biostructural Mechanics. Delivery of the software must be completed no later than March 30, 2012. There is also an option to purchase training for the software, as well as an option to purchase one year of extended maintenance, within 12 months from date of contract award. The following are some of the mandatory requirements which the software must have: - Underwater and air shock modeling; - State-of-the-art Finite Element Methods (FEM) solvers; - User-defined material properties. Bidders must refer to the RFP document for complete details regarding this requirement. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Shaw, Marian Ontario Region 33 City Centre Drive Suite 480 Mississauga Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37130.txt	TBIPS-2010-0029-15 Enterprise Management & Project Support This requirement is only open to the following companies:  1. Integrity Canada Inc. 2. AMTEK Engineering Services Ltd. 3. Altruistic Informatics Consulting Inc. 4. Nortak Software Ltd. 5. Fujitsu Consulting (Canada) Inc/Fujitsu Conseil (Canada) Inc. 6. Zylog Systems (Ottawa) Ltd. 7. Veritaaq Technology House Inc. 8. Hewlett-Packard (Canada) Co. Hewlett-Packard (Canada) Cie 9. TRM Technologies Inc. 10. The Halifax Group 11. IMP Group Limited (o/a IMP Solutions – Nova Scotia) 12. Professional Computer Consultants Group Ltd. (o/a Procom) 13. Bayleaf Software Inc. (o/a Bayleaf) 14. Maplesoft Consulting Inc. (o/a Maplesoft Group) 15. Excel Human Resources Inc. 16. Sierra Systems Group Inc. 17. Accenture 18. KPMG LLP 19. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (o/a PwC) 20. Interis Consulting Inc. Request for Proposal documents will be e-mailed or faxed directly, from the Senior Contracting Officer, to the companies who are being invited to bid on this requirement. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. Inquiries regarding this RFP requirement are to be submitted to the Senior Contracting Officer listed below: File Number: TBIPS-2011-0029-15 Senior Contracting Officer: Lauren Gadd-St Louis Phone Number: 613-990-4173 Fax Number: 613-954-4431 Email: EMAIL_TAG Solicitation Date: December 9, 2011 Closing Date: January 6, 2012 Contracting and Procurement Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions 255 Albert Street, 14th Floor, Ottawa, ON POSTALCODE_TAG 
37204.txt	STUDENT INFORMATION SYSTEM Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: STUDENT INFORMATION SYSTEM (SIS) F7003-11R051/A Conn-Harbinson, Margo Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG The purpose of this Request for Proposal (RFP) is for the procurement of a Student Information System (SIS) and associated products for the management of the Student Information Data for the Department of Fisheries and Oceans (DFO), Canadian Coast Guard College (CCGC) in Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada. The Request for Proposal (RFP) is for the licensing (and associated software products) for the SIS solution. The solution includes, but is not limited to, provision and installation of software, support, consultation, implementation, data migration, training and documentation, customization, testing, and on-going Software Maintenance and Support services. Deliverables/Services to be provided as part of the SIS Solution are, but not limited to, the following: Software License(s), and associated software products, including all SIS Software Documentation; Training (System Administrator and Staff), on-site at the CCGC location, including documentation; Full System Implementation, to include but not be limited to: Data Migration, Indexing and Loading ii) Integration, installation and set-up of proposed SIS Solution iii) Final System Acceptance Software Maintenance and Support Services, including upgrades and enhancements, for the Period of One (1) Year; Software Maintenance and Support Services, including upgrades and enhancements, for Four (4) additional One (1) Year periods, each to commence upon the expiration of the previous year. There may be a possibility that this additional option period may extend to Five (5) One (1) Year periods; Other Optional Vendor products/services as detailed in the Statement of Work (SOW). The Period of the Contract shall be sixty (60) months, including Options. Contract issue is anticipated prior to 1 March 2012, with initial deliverables made on or before 31March 2012. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Conn-Harbinson, Margo 4C1, Place du Portage Phase III 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29107.txt	Standing Offer Agreement for SAS Development work Innovapost, on behalf of its client Canada Post, is currently looking for qualified Business Intelligence (BI) and Analytics Partners to assist in delivering solutions within a number of BI and Analytics programs at Canada Post. Suppliers will use established BI and Data Warehousing methodologies, that may include iterative and agile approaches, to deliver solutions using the SAS enterprise BI platform.  
38408.txt	Senior Enterprise Architect(s) AIMCo is a crown corporation established on January 1, 2008 and whose sole shareholder is the Province of Alberta. AIMCo was incorporated for the purpose of providing investment management services to certain public sector entities designated by the Minister of Finance and Enterprise for the Province of Alberta. AIMCo is one of Canada's largest institutional investment managers and is responsible for the management of assets with a value of approximately $68 billion. AIMCo is executing a number of system related projects including the implementation of a new portfolio accounting system from SimCorp A/S – SimCorp Dimension® ("SCD"), upgrades to Eagle PACE™ ("PACE") from Eagle Investment Systems LLC, a new information bus solution based on TIBCO ActiveMatrix Business Works™ from TIBCO Software, Inc. ("Service Bus"), and is also integrating peripheral systems for trading (Charles River and Calypso applications), real estate management, risk and performance. AIMCo is executing a number of system related projects as described above (the "Program"). When completed, the Program will contribute to a broader process of integrating people, process and technology in effective ways in order to transform the organization to a future state model which meets global standards for cost effectiveness, data integrity, strength of internal controls, and service levels. AIMCo is seeking services under this RFP in support of the Program. AIMCo anticipates the successful Vendor(s) to provide the following resources: Up to Two (2) Senior Enterprise Architects n a time and materials basis to deliver the Services described in this RFP. The Resource supplied by the successful Vendor(s) will be expected to collaborate with resources from SimCorp, Eagle, Charles River, other consultants and AIMCo, which will include project managers, developers, business analysts and subject matter experts. URL_TAG 
32785.txt	TBIPS – Project Manager, Level 3 Environment Canada (EC) – Finance Branch – Integrated Enterprise Services Directorate (IES) - Senior Project Manager Level 3 – one (1) resource to support EC's core Oracle Financials System (MERLIN). IES has identified immediate resource requirements to support the Financial Systems development Team.  EC's Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system, specifically, Oracle Applications, is the official set of books for EC's financial accountability and provides a suite of business services for EC employees and customers. ERP systems are designed to be cross-functional and enterprise wide, with all functional departments/areas that are involved in operations or production integrated in one system. In addition to areas such as warehousing, logistics, asset management and information technology, this can also include accounting, human resources, and strategic management. Currently, EC is using Oracle Financials version 11.5.10.2 in conjunction with a number of satellite systems such as the Travel Expert System (TES), Salary Management System (SMS), Government Acquisition Card (GAC), and Departmental Responsibility Centre Travel Card (DRCTC). Keeping in step with the Office of the Comptroller General's Financial Management of Business Processes (FM-BP) Project and Common Enterprise Data Initiative (CEDI) EC is undertaking a number of initiatives to improve the present systems using existing technologies. The department has placed priority on improving the efficient and effective management of EC's financial budgets and forecasts.  The above constitutes a requirement for one (1) – Project Manager Level 3 with experience and expertise in Oracle Financials (release 11.5 or later). Knowledge of other ERP's such as SAP would be an asset. The Project Manager Level 3 will function as part of an application development team and provide knowledge transfer to internal development staff.  In order to meet operational demands, and to supplement internal skill sets, EC's objective is to get an experienced financial management consultant with strong project management experience in delivering ERP solutions within the Federal Government to support and provide oversight for EC's financial systems and satellite systems.  Given the concurrence, importance and broad nature of the work, the governance models and established frameworks will need to be judiciously followed. Resource capacity has been an issue and will be a major challenge. Specific project objectives and tasks will be contained within any resulting TA Forms under the TA Contract. This requirement is open to the following Tier 1 TBIPS SA holders only: Andrew Mazeikis, Andrew Lee o/a Independent Contractors Group The VCAN Group Inc. I4C Information Technology Consulting Inc. Systematix Solutions TI Inc./ Systematix IT Solutions Inc. Maplesoft Consulting Inc. IT/NET - Ottawa Inc. Trillys Systems Inc. Decisive Technologies Inc. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP TeraMach Technologies Inc. Lannick Contract Solutions Inc. BurntEdge Consulting 
33307.txt	System & Database Administration Consulting Servces 2011 Project Requirements Work Tasks Scoping and creation of an appropriate VMWare vCenter virtual server to meet the requirements outlined below. Installation and configuration of Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 5 into a VMware vCenter virtual server environment. Installation and configuration of Oracle 11g Enterprise Edition DBMS on above server. Migration and upgrade of 4 test databases and 3 production databases from a physical RHEL4 server running Oracle 9i to the new Oracle 11g/RHEL5 server. Installation and configuration of the CommServ Backup Agent. Installation and configuration of the Oracle Enterprise Manager Agent. Configuration of application servers to take utilize the new database servers. Testing and confirmation of new server setup. Documentation of server and database configuration demonstrating use of best practices. Technical review of as-built server with College IT staff. Deployment of new server to production. URL_TAG 
39144.txt	Notice of Proposed Procurement (NPP) N11-2513 Notice of Proposed Procurement (NPP) N11-2513 Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Requirement (PWGSC SA No. EN578-55605) (TBIPS) This requirement is for the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada/Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada. This requirement is open only to those Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under Tier "1" (=$0-$2M) stream for IM/IT Services This requirement is open only to those invited TBIPS Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under the following categories: P.9 Project Manager Level 3 B.7 Business Transformation Architect Level 2 B.1 Business Analysts Level 2 B.3 Business Consultant Level 2 B.6 Business Systems Analyst Level 2 The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal: 1 Altruistic Informatics Consulting Inc. 2 A Hundred Answers Inc. 3 DARE Human Resources Corp. 4 Design Group Staffing Inc. o/a The People Bank, a division of Design Group Staffing Inc. 5 inRound Innovations Inc. 6 Olav Consulting Corp. 7 Michael Wager Consulting Inc. o/a MWCO Description of the Requirement: The Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada/Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada has a requirement for a team of nine resources to develop, implement and provide on-going maintenance and support for a new Client Relationship Management System. Proposed Period of Contract: The proposed period of the contract shall be from the date of contract award to March 31, 2012 with Canada retaining a option to extend the contract for one year to March 31, 2013. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS WILL BE SENT DIRECTLY TO THE QUALIFIED SA HOLDERS IDENTIFIED ABOVE BY THE CONTRACTING OFFICER. File Number: N11-2513 Contracting Authority: Ali Rostami E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG 
39112.txt	Notice of Proposed Procurement (NPP) 2406212192  This requirement is for the department of: Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat This requirement is for: Work Stream 3 - for the services of three (3) IT Security TRA and C&A Analysts - Senior This requirement is open only to the following companies: 2Keys Corporation  Accenture  AEPOS Technologies Corporation  Bell Canada  CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc.  Cistel Technology Inc.  Computer Sciences Canada Inc.  Cygnos Corporation  Dessau Inc.  DWP Solutions Inc.  Entrust Limited  General Dynamics Canada Ltd.  Helms Deep  I4C Consulting Inc.  IBISKA Telecom Inc.  IPSS Inc.  IT/NET  NRNS  Phirelight E-Business Solutions Inc.  Solana Networks  Sphyrna  Team Belham SOMOS CCI  Team CDMS  Team CSI WS3 JV  Team Deloitte - EWA  Team Elytra-IBISKA JV  Team INSA  Team PriceWaterhouseCoopers/Excel  Team Raven IT Security  Team S.i. Systems  Team Titus International  Team TK (TPG Technology Consulting Ltd., Komokoa Corporation)  Telus  TPG  TRM Technologies Inc.  Veritaaq  Request For Proposal (RFP) documents will be e-mailed or faxed directly, from the contracting officer, to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. Inquiries regarding this RFP requirement are to be submitted to the contracting officer listed below: File Number: 2406212192 Contracting Officer: Darlene Fisher  Phone Number: 613-946-4078  Fax Number: 613-947-5174  Email: EMAIL_TAG 
39287.txt	Opportunity Description: ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Information & Communication Technologies DATE ISSUED: 28/12/2011 ISSUED BY: ICT Procurement Br TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG To obtain more information about this competition, please visit URL_TAGust be purchased from MERX to be considered.     ICT Procurement Br;;;TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO:;;ICT Procurement;Business Transformation and Technology;1100-215 Garry Street;Winnipeg MB Canada R3C 3P3;;Return completed form to fax PHONENUMBER_TAG or email @;EMAIL_TAG;;PHONENUMBER_TAG;PHONENUMBER_TAG
39151.txt	1 or more Systems Analysts - GIS Analyst (csharp) Team Lead GIS Solutions. The application environment consists of microcomputer applications running on Intel boxes utilizing Microsoft Windows 2003 Server or Windows XP Clients, csharp,MicrosoftSQL Server 2005, Visual C/cplusplus, and Visual Basic 6.0. The main focus of the contracted Resource(s) will be to provide application maintenance and enhancements in a release structure. Other support activities may include providing business knowledge and technical support. In general, key aspects of the role are: - Identifying client requirements and specifying resulting system changes; - Programming planned enhancements; - Supporting the acceptance testing environments; - Ensuring changes to the application meet the Department standards; - Providing on call support after regular business hours on an as needed basis; - Working with automated tools used to support the application. Supervisory duties are not required at this time, although the successful Resource(s) may be responsible for providing direction on projects and/or tasks. The successful candidate(s) must possess excellent interpersonal skills and experience in communicating directly with the client community, along with a proven ability to function within a team. Resources must also possess excellent diagnostic and problem solving skills. Education and past experience should be in keeping with that required to fully understand the technical aspects of the tasks. The work location is the 8th floor at 9942-108 Street, Edmonton, Alberta or 4th floor AMEC, 300, 801 - 6th Avenue S.W., Calgary Alberta. (The standard workweek is comprised of five (5) days at 7.25 hours per day. Typical business hours are from 8:15 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. to 4:30 p.m., with resources starting no earlier than 7:30 a.m. However, work hours may vary and overtime and/or standby time may be required. The Department will pay the hourly rate submitted in the response for all overtime hours worked. The successful candidate is required to adhere to the Department's business dress code requiring that personnel present a neat appearance with appropriate clothing and to provide their own stationery supplies. URL_TAG 
29272.txt	Informatics Professional Services - TBIPS Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Suppliers on permanent list or able to meet qualification requirements Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Requirement This requirement is for: Department of National Defence (DND) Only TBIPS Supply Arrangement (SA) Holders currently holding a TBIPS SA for Tier 2 in the National Capital Region under the EN578-055605/D series of SAs are eligible to compete. This requirement is open only to those SA Holders who qualified under Sub-Class IM/IT Services of the Technology Services Class, Business Services Class, and Project Management Services Class. This requirement is open only to those Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under the categories for: I.14 Security Specialist, Level 2; B.1 Business Analyst, Level 2; B.7 Business Transformation Architect, Level 2; B.14 Technical Writer, Level 2; P.5 Project Executive, Level 3; P.6 Project Administrator, Level 2; P.7 Project Coordinator, Level 2; P.10 Project Scheduler, Level 2; P.11 Quality Assurance Specialist/Analyst, Level 2; and P.12 Risk Management Specialist, Level 2. The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal: 1. 529040 Ontario Inc. and 880382 Ontario Inc. (o/a GSI International Consulting Group) 2. Accenture 3. Accreon Inc. 4. ADGA Group Consultants Inc. 5. ADRM Technology Consulting Group Corp. (o/a ADRMTEC) 6. ADRM Technology Consulting Group Corp. and Randstad Interim Inc. in Joint Venture (o/a Saphire Canada) 7. Aerotek ULC (o/a TEKsystems Canada) 8. Altis Human Resources (Ottawa) Inc. and Excel Human Resources Inc., in Joint Venture 9. Altruistic Informatics Consulting Inc., Apption Corporation in Joint Venture 10. Ant & Bee Corporation 11. BMB Data Consulting Services Inc. 12. Cistel Technology Inc., Tecsis Corporation in Joint Venture 13. Coradix Technology Consulting Ltd. 14. CAE Professional Services (Canada Inc. 15. Calian Ltd. 16. CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc. 17. Cistel Technology Inc. 18. Computer Sciences Canada Inc. /Les sciences de l'informatique Canada Inc 19. Conseillers en Informatique d'affaires C I A inc. 20. CSI Consulting Inc, FoxWise Technologies Inc., DWP Solutions Inc., Innovision Consulting Inc. in Joint Venture 21. Dalian Enterprises and Coradix Technology Consulting, in Joint Venture 22. DARE Human Resources Corporation (o/a DARE HR ) 23. Donna Cona Inc. 24. Donna Cona Inc., IBM Canada Limited in Joint Venture 25. Emerion 26. Eagle Professional Resources Inc. 27. Excel Human Resources Inc. 28. Fujitsu Consulting (Canada) Inc./Fujitsu Conseil (Canada) Inc 29. Harrington Marketing Limited (o/a Harrington Staffing/Informatics Resources) 30. Hewlett-Packard (Canada) Co. Hewlett-Packard (Canada) Cie 31. Ibiska Telecom Inc. 32. Ibiska Telecom Inc. and C M Inc., as a contractual Joint Venture 33. Ifathom Corp., Simfront Simulations Systems Corporation, ING Engineering Inc., in Joint Venture 34. I4C Information Technology Consulting Inc. (o/a I4C Consulting Inc.) 35. IBM Canada Ltd. 36. Intelligent Technology Solutions Inc. o/a ITS JV 37. IT/Net Ottawa Inc. (o/a IT/Net) 38. Maplesoft Consulting Inc. (o/a Maplesoft Group) 39. Modis Canada Inc. 40. Manpower Services Canada Limited (o/a Manpower) 41. MetaData Consultants Inc. 42. Michael Wager Consulting Inc. (o/a MWCO) 43. Nortak Software Ltd. 44. Nisha Technologies Inc., Contract Community Inc., in Joint Venture 45. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (o/a PwC ) 46. Professional Computer Consultants Group Ltd. (o/a Procom) 47. ProVision IT Resources 48. Randstad Interim Inc. 49. S I Systems Ltd. 50. Systematix Solutions TI Inc./Systematix IT Solutions Inc. (o/a Systematix IT Solutions Inc.) 51. Sierra Systems Group Inc. 52. Systemscope Inc., LNW Consulting Inc., Perfortics Consulting Inc., VK Computer Systems Inc., Lansdowne Technology Services Inc., in Joint Venture 53. The Devon Group Ltd. 54. The Bell Telephone Company of Canada or Bell Canada/La Compagnie de Téléphone Bell du Canada ou Bell 55. TPG Technology Consulting Ltd. and InRound Innovations CJV 56. TPG Technology Consulting Ltd. 57. TRM Technologies Inc. 58. Turtle Technologies Inc. 59. Unisys Canada Inc. 60. Valcom Consulting Group Inc. 61. Veritaaq Technology House Inc. 62. Zylog Systems (Ottawa) Ltd. Description of the requirement: DND requires the services of a team of resources to assist in the implementation of the Military Pension Renewal (MPR) project. The team of resources must assist in the establishment and operation of a Project Management Office with DND and coordinate and manage all DND MPR activities using Treasury Board and other applicable project management principles. It is intended to result in the award of one contract. The contract period will be from the date of contract to March 31, 2016 with an irrevocable option to extend the contract period for one additional six-month period. Security Requirement: Contractor - Designated Organization Screening (DOS); Resources - Reliability Status File Number: W8484-11P2CT/A Contracting Authority: Gail Cook Phone Number: 819-956-2591 Fax Number: 819-956-1207 E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG NOTE: Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on an annual basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Cook, Gail 11 Laurier St., / 11, rue Laurier 3C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
33401.txt	Hyperspectral Imaging System Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exclusive Rights Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: HEADWALL PHOTONICS INC. 601 RIVER STREET FITCHBURG Massachusetts United States 01420 Nature of Requirements: Hyperspectral Imaging System Public Works and Government Services Canada, on behalf of its client, Defence Research and Development Canada (DRDC) - Valcartier, intends to enter into a sole source contract with Headwall Photonics Inc. for the supply and delivery of one (1) Hyperspectral Imaging System including documentation. To study the spectral reflectance characteristics of targets, DRDC requires a high performance hyperspectral imaging system perating in the VNIR and SWIR wavelengths region and capable of perating from a tripod on the ground to look at targets at close (2m) and long (+10m) range. DRDC is studying the spectral reflectance characteristics of targets in the wavelength range between 400 to 2400 nanometers (nm) where solar energy passing through the atmosphere reaches the ground and is reflected. The spectral range is typically separated in two as a result of the technical characteristics of the detectors: silicon detectors are sensitive to wavelengths fromPHONENUMBER_TAG nm which encompass the visible to near-infrared region (VNIR) while another detector technology is needed to sense energy above 1000nm and up to 2400nm. This wavelength range is called shortwave infrared (SWIR). To link the measurements from the VNIR and SWIR detectors, the SWIR detector is required to respond to wavelength rangePHONENUMBER_TAGnm, meaning it overlaps the VNIR detector betweenPHONENUMBER_TAGnm. The equipment will be used as a ground based system for spectral characterization of scenes and targets at short stand-off distance. This applications dictate the need for small, light weight, field portable, high spatial and spectral resolution imaging spectrometers with low distortion level, high throughput, and high signal to noise ratio. Also, the procured cameras should be accurately calibrated in radiance, properly aligned and mounted on a pan and tilt pointing platform for immediate use in field measurements campaigns. Supporting software for camera control and imagery acquisition is also needed. MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS Any interested supplier must demonstrate by way of a statement f capabilities that its product meets the following requirements: A. CAMERAS SPATIAL REQUIREMENTS 1. Total field of view: between 20 degrees and 30 degrees; Justification: To sense targets having a dimension between 0.7 and 1.0 meters in the across-track direction, from a minimum stand-off distance of 2 meters. This target dimension is typical f ground targets such as surrogate military targets used by DRDC during controlled field experiments.  2. Entrance slits: Interchangeable;  Justification: To adapt the spectrometers spectral and radiometric performances for future upgrades to detectors.  3. Fore-optics: Interchangeable;  Justification: To adapt the spectrometers field of view in order to maintain a constant ground sampling distance for operations at various stand-off distances.  4. Instantaneous field of view (VNIR): less or equal to 0.3 mrad; Justification: To achieve a ground sampling distance of smaller r equal to 0.06cm at a stand-off distance of 2m. This is necessary to measure the spatial variability of intricately mixed materials such as mixture of sand and surface contaminant for example. This requirement is also linked to the requirement number 6 below. 5. Instantaneous field of view (SWIR): less or equal to 1.2 mrad;  Justification: To achieve a ground sampling distance of greater r equal to 0.24cm at a stand-off distance of 2m. This is necessary to measure the spatial variability of mixed material. This requirement is also linked to the requirement number 7 below.  6. Spatial pixel (VNIR): more or equal to 1600;  Justification: This requirement is consistent with requirements 1 and 4 above. A high number of spatial pixels are also required by DRDC to study the impact of the quantity of background exemplars used in 2nd order statistics calculation on sub-pixel target detection algorithms performance.  7. Spatial pixel (SWIR): more or equal to 320;  Justification: This requirement is consistent with requirements 1 and 5 above. A high number of spatial pixels are also required by DRDC to study the impact of the quantity of background exemplars used in 2nd order statistics calculation on sub-pixel target detection algorithms performance. 8. Keystone: less or equal to 0.1 pixel;  Justification: Required for high accuracy spectral measurement. A keystone larger than 0.1 pixel could under specific circumstances introduces unacceptable levels of spectral distortions that would limit the performance of current DRDC spectral data exploitation techniques, particularly for sub-pixel unmixing and target detection.  9. Alignment of VNIR and SWIR cameras:less or equal to 1 pixel f 10m viewing distance;  Justification: Required for the measurement of continuous spectra across the VNIR and SWIR spectral bands at high spectral integrity. An alignment coarser than 1 pixel would limit the performance of current DRDC spectral data exploitation techniques, particularly for sub-pixel unmixing and target detection.  10. Minimum operating distance: 2m;  Justification: Necessary for nadir-looking operations from typical tripod height. This is necessary in order to allow peration of the instrument in field conditions for ground truthing purpose. B. CAMERAS SPECTRAL REQUIREMENTS 11. Spectral range (VNIR): less or equal to 400nm and more or equal to 1000nm;  Justification: Requirement dictated by normal operation mode of silicon detectors that cut-off around 1000nm. Going to 1000nm ensure that 940nm water absorption band is included for characterization of atmospheric effects. Solar radiance drops below 400nm. 12. Spectral range (SWIR): less or equal to 900nm and more or equal to 2400nm;  Justification: 900 nm required for overlap with VNIR camera (between 900nm and 1000nm) in order to obtain continuous spectra between 400 and 2400nm. Above 2400nm solar radiance becomes very low and there are few targets have spectral features of interest. 13. Spectral sampling (VNIR): Capable of less or equal to 1nm. Final instrument optimized for operations at 4nm; Justification: Spectral binning from 1nm to 4nm allow signal to noise ratio improvement. A spectral sampling between 1 and 4nm is necessary in the VNIR spectral range in order to characterize the spectral signatures of specific materials with sharply defined spectral features and calibration lamps sharp emission lines.  14. Spectral sampling (SWIR): less or equal to 12nm;  Justification: A spectral sampling of 12nm is necessary in the SWIR spectral range in order to characterize the spectral signature of specific materials of defence intelligence value.  15. Spectral resolution: less or equal to 1.5x sampling;  Justification: Spectral resolution must be at most a factor of 1.5 times the spectral sampling, in order to properly resolve the spectral features at the given sampling rate. 16. Spectral bands (VNIR): more or equal to 600;  Justification: This requirement is linked to requirements 11 and 13 above. A high number of spectral bands are also required to study the impact of high spectral dimensionality measurements on current DRDC spectral unmixing and target detection algorithms.  17. Spectral bands (SWIR): more or equal to 128;  Justification: See note A This requirement is linked to requirements 12 and 14 above. A high number of spectral bands are also required to study the impact of high spectral dimensionality measurements on current DRDC spectral unmixing and target detection algorithms.  18. Spectral calibration (center wavelength and FWHM): less or equal to 0.1 pixel;  Justification: This is required in order to have the ability to match measured signatures with the spectrometers with current DRDC spectral libraries. 19. Spectral smile: less or equal to 0.1 pixel;  Justification: This level of optical distortion is required to collect high quality spectral imagery. A spectral smile larger than 0.1 pixel would introduce spectral distortions that would limit the performance of current DRDC spectral data exploitation techniques, particularly for sub-pixel unmixing and target detection.  C. CAMERAS RADIOMETRIC REQUIREMENTS 20. SNR (VNIR): Peak SNR > 280, minimum SNR onPHONENUMBER_TAGnm band > 30;  Justification: This signal to noise ratio is needed to measure low intensity signals, particularly to extract signal level at very low abundance levels. Lower SNR level would limit the performance of current DRDC spectral data exploitation techniques. Conditions for SNR calculation are specified in the technical specification document. 21. SNR (SWIR): Peak SNR > 600, ratio (Peak SNR) / (SNR to 2200nm) smaller than 4.0;  Justification: This signal to noise ratio is needed to measure low intensity signals, particularly to extract signal level at very low abundance levels. Lower SNR level would limit the performance of current DRDC spectral data exploitation techniques. High SNR in the 2200nm spectral region is required in order to characterize specific non-organic materials. Conditions for SNR calculation are specified in the technical specification document. 22. Radiometric calibration: less or equal to 5%;  Justification: High accuracy radiometric calibration required to apply radiative transfer model to acquired imagery.  23. Maximum radiance level: more or equal to 100% lambertian target;  Justification: To measure targets with wide variety of diffuse reflectance values (between 0% to 100%) within the same scene without saturation.  D. CAMERAS CONFIGURATION 24. Enclosure: Environmental protection for outdoor operations between 0ºC and 30ºC, no precipitations; Justification: For outdoor operation during field trials. 25. Imaging mode: Pushbroom; Justification: All spectral bands and spatial pixels need to be acquired simultaneously in order to measure dynamic scenes. Filter wheels or spectral scanning systems are not appropriate.  26. Weight (VNIR): less or equal to 10kg;  Justification: Low weight and small size cameras are required to mount on pan and tilt platform suitable for field operations.  27. Weight (SWIR): less or equal to 10kg; Justification: We require low weight and small size cameras to mount on pan and tilt platform suitable for field operations.  28. Dimension (VNIR): less or equal to 205 x 200 x 100mm;  Justification: We require low weight and small size cameras to mount on pan and tilt platform suitable for field operations.  29. Dimension (SWIR): less or equal to 400 x 250 x 120mm; Justification: We require low weight and small size cameras to mount on pan and tilt platform suitable for field operations.  E. PAN & TILT SCANNING UNIT 30. Both spectrometers will be mounted simultaneously on a single pan and tilt platform, itself capable of mounting on a tripod, allowing the acquisition of wide areas through spatial scanning. The pan and tilt unit must be electrically powered to automatically scan across pre-defined angles in the pan and tilt directions. Justification: Required for automated collection of targets and scenes by scanning the pushbroom spectrometers in the along-track direction. 31. Pointing resolution: less or equal to 0.15 mrad;  Justification: Pointing resolution must be at least twice the instrument finest iFOV, in order to make repeatable measurements f a given scene. F. DATA ACQUISITION SYSTEM AND SOFTWARE 32. Integrated software to control the pan&tilt movement, control the cameras settings, select the image capture and sensor integration parameters, build and store the hyperspectral images in ENVI format, and allow displaying the acquired imagery for spectral analysis; Justification: DRDC do not have the time and funds to independently integrate together the cameras data acquisition software and the pan and tilt control software. 33. Calibration factors: Calibration factors and full procedure to convert raw signal into calibrated at-aperture radiance units; Justification: Calibration factors are necessary to allow DRDC to independently calibrate imagery to at-aperture radiance units.  34. Data storage: more or equal to 260GB capacity on solid-state drive;  Justification: To facilitate continuous collection of imagery during a full day of work (e.g. hundreds of images with strip widths between 1000 to 2000 pixels). The use of solid state drives is required in order to maintain high data throughput. 35. Data collection: Continuous data collection capacity at full spectral and spatial resolution for 1 minute or more, duty cycle > 90%;  Justification: For acquisition of large images using the pan and tilt platform and the monitoring of dynamic events lasting for periods of multiple minutes.  In accordance with government purchasing policies, we propose to award a contract to Headwall Photonics Inc. which is, to our knowledge, the only firm capable of providing the required goods and services. This contract is subject to subsection 6(d) of the Government Contracts Regulations, as only one person or firm is capable of performing the contract. Articles 506.12(b) of Part IV, Chapter 5 of Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) are applicable on the basis of limited tendering due to reasons where, where there is an absence of competition for technical reasons and the goods or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no alternative or substitute exists. Articles 1016.2(b) of Part IV, Chapter 10 of North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) are applicable on the basis of limited tendering due to reasons where, for works of art, or for reasons connected with the protection of patents, copyrights or other exclusive rights, or proprietary information or where there is an absence of competition for technical reasons, the goods or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no reasonable alternative or substitute exists. Articles XV.1b) of Annex 4.B, of World Trade Organization – Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP) are applicable on the basis of limited tendering due to reasons, when, for works f art or for reasons connected with protection of exclusive rights, such as patents or copyrights, or in the absence of competition for technical reasons, the products or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no reasonable alternative or substitute exists. No new intellectual property will be created during the course f this contract. The product is to be delivered by March 30, 2012. The estimated value of the contract is between $250,000 and $350,000 (GST extra). Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. St-Laurent, Karine 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Quebéc POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
28959.txt	Vendor Web-based Voter Information System -Elections NB - NB Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Amendment # 4 Additional Questions and answers have been posted as an attachment to this tender  call. Amendment # 3: November 4, 2011: Two sets of questions and answers has been posted as Amendment  # 3, they are available as an attachment to this proposal call. Please Note that quesiton period is now closed.  Amendment #2 October 25, 2011: a list of Questions and Answers has been posted as Amendment  #2, they are available as an attachment to this proposal call.  Amendment #1 Octoober 17, 2011: Please note that the Conference of Canadian Election Officials-Common Data Model has been posted as an attachment to this proposal call.  This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. RETURN TO: CENTRAL TENDERING BRANCH P.O. Box 8000  Fredericton, N.B.  POSTALCODE_TAG  Marysville Place Room Number 205, 20 McGloin Street Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Public opening of bids will take place on closing day at 14:00 Atlantic Time, in  Marysville Place, Room 205, 20 McGloin Street, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG. All bids must be stated in Canadian Funds. All tenders must be F.O.B. destination, freight prepaid. Sales taxes should not be included in the unit, extended or total prices. This Invitation is being conducted under the provisions of the Public Purchasing  Act and Regulation as of the date of the issuance of the Invitation. Bidders may  btain a copy of the Act and Regulation from The Queen's Printer, Province of  N.B., P.O. Box 6000, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG The Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms & Conditions for Goods and Services apply  to this procurement and are considered to be incorporated into this document. By  submitting a bid, you agree and accept these terms and conditions. Current "Atlantic  Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions" are available on the New Brunswick  Opportunities Network, the Council of Atlantic Premiers' Website or from an authorized  service provider. Direct Deposit The province of New Brunswick is now using Direct Deposit as the standard method  f government payments. Suppliers are required to provide bank account information  (and email address if available) for remittance. Please send the completed Direct  Deposit Form to the New Brunswick Internal Services Agency as indicated on the form. A bidder must obtain official bid documents from a distribution service, authorized  by the Minister of Supply and Services, in order to submit a bid. The current  authorized distribution services are the New Brunswick Opportunities Network  (NBON) (operated by the Department of Supply and Services, Province of NB),  BIDS (operated by Tendering Publications Ltd.) and MERX (operated by  Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Failure to submit the official bid documents  r provide proof that the official bid documents were properly obtained will result in  rejection of the bid. In order to facilitate the evaluation process, Bidders are  requested to respond in the same format as the official bid documents. For procurements which are not subject to the provisions of one or more of the  interprovincial procurement agreements, the Province of New Brunswick reserves  the right to apply Provincial or regional Preferences, consider local content in  the evaluation of bids and/or refuse to consider bids from vendors from other  jurisdictions when it is considered to be in the best interests of the Province.  When determining the use of these conditions, the Province will consider, among  ther factors, the extent to which New Brunswick vendors have access to equivalent procurement  pportunities in those jurisdictions and the treatment accorded by those jurisdictions  to bids from New Brunswick vendors. The Province will be the sole judge of whether  these conditions will be used and the extent to which they will be applied. All discounts quoted will be considered to be without limitations. Payment of invoices is the responsibility of the department or organization to  whom the goods are shipped or services are supplied. Award of contracts: no contract shall be awarded and no payment shall be made to  a vendor unless authorized by the Minister or his delegates. The Minister may  make an award to the preferred vendor conditional on the negotiation and acceptance  f a detailed contract between the Province and the vendor. In such cases, should  the detailed contract negotiations not be completed in a reasonable period of  time, the Province reserves the right to discontinue negotiations with the vendor  and subsequently enter into negotiations with the second preferred vendor. No right or duty, in whole or in part, of the vendor under a contract issued may  be assigned or delegated without the prior consent of the Central Purchasing Branch. Unless the Central Purchasing Branch has determined otherwise prior to tender  closing, all prices must be extended and totalled. CENTRAL TENDERING AS INDICATED BELOW Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG 1: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 1 Organisation id : 3307 Description :  The request for proposals for Vendors to design, build and test a new web-based  New Brunswick Voter Information System as per the terms and conditions of the  proposal document available as an attachement to this proposal call. Please Note: for ease of responding aMicrosoftWord version of the RFP document has  also been posted on the New Brunswick Opportunities Network. For vendors that have obtained a bid package from an alternate source you will  be required to register on NBON at URL_TAGd theMicrosoft Word Version. Should you have any problems doing so please contact our HELP Line at: Canada: 1-800-561-1422 USA/Others: 506-444-5636. No totals required. This procurement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement on Internal Trade,  the Atlantic Procurement Agreement and the Quebec-New Brunswick Procurement Agreement. Jean Martell Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
30642.txt	Electronic Document Management (e-DM) preparation at Canada Revenue Agency (CRA)  SOLUTIONS BASED E60ZN-090003 PROFESSIONAL SERVICES - (TSPS) REQUIREMENT (File No. 1000299947)  TIER 1 (< $2M) This requirement is for the department of: Canada Revenue Agency This requirement is for Business Services / Change Management Services Class for the services of : [Insert Number of Resources] [Insert Consultant Category] [Insert Level of Experience]  to be determined by bidder to be determined by bidder to be determined by bidder  One Contract to be awarded. This requirement is open only to the following companies who qualified under the stated consultant categories, security level, region and tier: 1010376 Ontario Inc. 168446 Canada Inc. 2Keys Corporation 3149455 Canada Inc. 3755479 Canada Inc. 3775356 Canada Inc. 4058721 Canada Ltd 6826130 Canada Inc. 9018-0613 Québec Inc/Praxis Management A Hundred Answers Inc. Accenture Inc. ACF Associates Inc. Adante Consulting Inc. ADGA Group Consultants Inc. ALTRUISTIC INFORMATICS CONSULTING Altruistic Informatics ConsultingINC. Auguste Solutions and Associates Inc. BMB Consulting Services Inc. Canada Post Corporation Centre for Conflict Resolutions International Ltd. CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc. Chelsea Consulting Group Inc. Colin Lindsay Development Corporation Confluence Consulting Inc. CORE Software Corporation Inc. CPCS Transcom Limited Dare Human Resources Corporation Deloitte Inc. Delsys Research Group Inc. Donna Cona Inc. DPRA Canada Incorporated Emerion Epixus Incorporated Ernst & Young LLP Esper Consulting Inc. Evolve Government Consulting Inc Fast Track Staffing Inc. and 49 Solutions in Joint Venture Fujitsu Consulting (CANADA) Inc./Fujitsu Conseil (Canada) Inc. Future Learning Inc. Gartner Group Canada Co  Gestion Multi Risques International Goss Gilroy Inc.  Government Procurement Consultants Ltd. Turner Consulting & Management Services Inc., 12131415 Ontario Inc. in Joint Venture Groupe Intersol Group Ltee. Hackett Consulting Inc. HDP Group Inc Hewlett-Packard (Canada) Co. Hewlett-Packard (Canada) Cie Human Resource Systems Group Ltd. IBM Canada Ltd. Intergage Consulting Group Inc. Interis Consulting Inc. IT/Net - Ottawa Inc. James L Armstrong & Associates Inc John Burns Centre for Public Management Kelly Sears Consulting Group Leacock Consulting LNW Consulting Inc McKinsey & Company Canada  MCO Business Group Inc, Chapman Facility Group Inc., Paul S Adler in Joint Venture Meyers Norris Penny LLP MHPM Project Managers Inc. Modis Canada Inc Monique Lafrenière Naut'sa mawt Resources Group/Human Resources Systems Group Joint Venture Nortak Software Ltd. Northcore Technologies Inc Orbis Risk Consulting Inc. PGF Consultants Inc. Phirelight E-Business Solutions Inc. PMC PROJECT MANAGEMENT CENTRE INC Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP Proex Inc.  PSTG Consulting Inc. QMR Staffing Solutions Incorporated QMR STAFFING SOLUTIONS INCORPORATED, 3D GLOBAL ENTERPRISES INC. IN JOINT VENTURE Quallium Corporation Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Consulting Inc. RED FEATHER CONSULTING INC, SPEARHEAD MANAGEMENT CANADA LIMITED / GESTION SPEARHEAD CANADA LIMITEE IN JOINT VENTURE Right Management Canada Inc. Ruth Sirman Sierra Systems Group Inc. SoftSim Technologies Inc. Stratos Inc  Systemscope Inc. Systemscope Inc., LNW Consulting Inc., Perfortics Consulting Inc., VK Computer Systems Inc., Lansdowne Technology Services Inc., IN JOINT VENTURE TDV Global inc. The Bell Telephone Company of Canada or Bell Canada/La Compagnie de Téléphone Bell du Canada ou Bell Canada The Corporate Research Group Ltd. The Institute on Governance The Strategic Review Group Inc. Turner Consulting & Management Services Inc Y2 CONSULTING PSYCHOLOGISTS INC. Request For Proposal (RFP) documents will be e-mailed directly, from the contracting officer, to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. Location of work to be performed: 410 Laurier Ave, Ottawa, Ontario Security Requirement: Supplier Security Clearance required: DOS – Reliability Security Level required (Document Safeguarding): None Inquiries regarding this RFP requirement are to be submitted to the Contracting Authority listed below: File Number: 100029947 Contracting Authority: Ashley WIlliams Phone Number: 613-995-4628 Fax Number: 613-948-2459 Email: EMAIL_TAG CRA requires the service(s) in the Class 2 - Business Consulting/Change Management for Electronic Document Management (e-DM) preparation. This requirement will be from date of award to 2012-09-30 Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. NOTE: Task-Based Professional Services (TSPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on an annual basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG. 
28720.txt	WIDE AREA NETWORK EMULATION SYSTEM Trade Agreement: Set-Aside Program for Aboriginal Business (SPAB) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: W8474-125886/A Wide Area Network Emulation System Requirement: The Department of National Defence/Canadian Forces (DND/CF) has a requirement to procure a Wide Area Network (WAN) Emulation System for their Test and Development Centre (TDC) in Ottawa. The solution will be used to test software applications before they are deployed across the Defence Wide Area Network (DWAN). The solution is comprised of commercial hardware and software products and a maintenance program as detailed in this Statement f Work (SOW) and the attached Technical Specifications. It is intended to result in the award of a contract for a One (1) year period, plus Four (4) one year irrevocable options allowing Canada to extend the term of the contract. All documents including electronic files applicable to this RFP will be distributed by MERX. Inquiries: Inquiries must be received no less than seven (7) calendar days prior to the bid closing date to allow sufficient time to provide a response. Inquiries received after this date might not be answered by Canada. Please forward all of your enquiries to: Andrew Nimmo / Supply Specialist E-mail address: EMAIL_TAG  Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Nimmo, Andrew 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier Place du Portage, Phase III, 4C2 Gatineau Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
33583.txt	DEVELOPMENT OF CUSTOM SOFTWARE Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Suppliers on permanent list or able to meet qualification requirements Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Requirement This requirement is for Defence Research and Development Canada (DRDC). This requirement is open only to those Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under Tier 1 stream for Application Services and IM/IT Services. This requirement is open only to those TBIPS Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under the categories for: A.6 Programmer / Software Developer I.4 Database Modeller / IM Modeller The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal: 529040 ONTARIO INC and 880382 ONTARIO INC (o/a GSI International Consulting Group) Adastra Corporation CAE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES (CANADA) INC Calian Ltd. CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc. Hewlett-Packard (Canada) Co. Hewlett-Packard (Canada) Cie IBM Canada Ltd. Leverage Technology Resources Inc. (o/a Leverage Tek & Farlane Systems in JV) MAPLESOFT CONSULTING INC. (o/a Maplesoft Group) MetaData Consultants Inc. OpenFrame Technologies, Inc. TELUS Communications Inc. (o/a TELUS) Wirehead Corporation Description of the requirement: Defence Research and Development Canada (DRDC) has a requirement for informatics professional services to provide software development services for the creation of a customized forces structure modeling environment. Services are to be provided by a team of resources that must include at a minimum, one level 2 Programmer/Software Developer and one level 2 Database Modeller/IM Modeller on "as and when requested basis". Proposed period of contract: The proposed period of contract shall be from date of Contract to March 31, 2013. File Number: W7714-115121/A Contracting Authority: Angela Durigan Phone Number: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG NOTE: Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on an annual basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Durigan, Angela 11 Laurier St., / 11, rue Laurier 3C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39224.txt	Web Based Quality Management System Soft -AB Alberta Agriculture and Rural Development has a requirement for a Web Based Quality Management System Software URL_TAG 
33091.txt	INTEGRATED LOGISTICS SUPPORT -TEMS Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Suppliers on permanent list or able to meet qualification requirements Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Canada in the form of the Department of National Defence (DND) requires a Contractor to provide Technical, Engineering and Maintenance Service (TEMS) Supply Arrangement (SA) services. The Contractor will operate within the Marine Security Operation Centre (MSOC) Integrated Project Team (IPT), which has the responsibility to design, develop, integrate, configure, test and install the business transformation and integrated information environment sub-systems that will be required to meet the MSOC capability during the project's implementation phase. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Drouin, Chris 11 Laurier/11 rue Laurier 7C2, Place du Portage Phase III Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
36174.txt	TSPS 5 RESOURCES REQUIRED: QA Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Suppliers on permanent list or able to meet qualification requirements Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: NOTICE OF PROPSED PROCUREMENT TASK BASED E60ZN-09002 PROFESSIONAL SERVICES - (TSPS) REQUIREMENT ((File No.KA4A1-110020/A TIER 2 (>$2M) This requirement is for the department of: Environment Canada This requirement is for Project Management Services Class for the services of: Number of Resources Consultant Category Level of Experience 2 Project Administrator 1 1 Project Administrator 2 1 Project Manager 3 1 Quality Assurance/Management Specialist 2 This requirement is for Business Services/Change Management Services for the services of: Number of Resources Consultant Category Level of Experience 3 Business Consultant 2 1 Change Management Consultant 3 Two Contracts are to be awarded. This requirement is open only to the following companies who qualified under the stated consultant categories, security level, region and tier: 168446 Canada Inc. A. Net Solutions ADGA Group Consultants Inc. ADRM Technology Consulting Group Corp. ARTEMP PERSONNEL SERVICES INC ALTRUISTIC INFORMATICS CONSULTING Altruistic Informatics ConsultingINC. BurntEdge Incorporated Calian Ltd. Callihoo Consulting Group Inc CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc. Confluence Consulting Inc. Conoscenti Technologies Inc. Conseillers en Informatique d'Affaires CIA Inc Contract Community Inc. CONTRACT COMMUNITY INC., NISHA TECHNOLOGIES INC IN JOINT VENTURE Coradix technology Consulting Ltd. Dalian Enterprises and Coradix Technology Consulting, in Joint Venture Dare Human Resources Corporation Donna Cona Inc. Donna Cona Inc. (In Joint Venture with Messa Computing Inc) eVison Inc., Softsims Technologies Inc. Foursight Consulting Group Inc. Fujitsu Consulting (CANADA) Inc./Fujitsu Conseil (Canada) Inc. HDP Group Inc Helm's Deep Consulting Corp. I4C INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CONSULTING INC IBISKA Telecom Inc. IBM Canada Ltd. iFathom Corporation Information Management and Technology Consultants Inc. Interis Consulting Inc. IT Services Canada Inc. IT/Net - Ottawa Inc. Kelly Sears Consulting Group Lansdowne Technologies Inc. Les Technologies S.T.A.Y. inc. LNW Consulting Inc Lumina IT inc. Lumina IT inc./C.B.-Z. Inc. (Joint Venture) Maplesoft Consulting Inc. Modis Canada Inc Nortak Software Ltd. NRNS Incorporated Pleiad Canada Inc. PPI Consulting Limited Procom Consultants Group Ltd QMR Staffing Solutions Incorporated Quallium Corporation RainMakers Consulting Services Inc Randstad Interim Incorporated S.i. Systems Ltd. Sinapse interventions stratégiques inc. SoftSim Technologies Inc. Somos Consulting Group Ltd. Spearhead Management Canada Ltd. Systemscope Inc. Systemscope Inc., LNW Consulting Inc., Perfortics Consulting Inc., VK Computer Systems Inc., Lansdowne Technology Services Inc., IN JOINT VENTURE The Bell Telephone Company of Canada or Bell Canada/La Compagnie de Téléphone Bell du Canada ou Bell Canada The Devon Group Ltd. The Halifax Group Inc. TPG Technology Consulting Ltd. Transpolar Technology Corporation and The Halifax Computer Consulting Group In Joint Venture TRM Technologies Inc. Valcom Consulting group Inc. Veritaaq Technology House Inc. Request For Proposal (RFP) documents will be e-mailed directly, from the contracting officer, to the Pre-Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. Location of work to be performed: National Capital Region Security Requirement: SRCL: E60ZN-090002-SAA-E4 Supplier Security Clearance: DOS - Secret Security Level (Document Safeguarding) - N/A Inquiries regarding this RFP requirement are to be submitted to the contracting officer listed below: File Number: KA4A1-110020/A Contracting Officer: Jessie Richards Phone Number: 819-956-6896 Fax Number: 819-956-2675 Email: EMAIL_TAG Canada is seeking to establish up to two contracts for Project Management Services and Business Services/Change Management Services for Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Certification Process as defined in Annex "A", Statement of Work, from date of Contract to March 31, 2012 with the irrevocable option to extend the term of the Contract by up to one additional one year period and also a one year option period (transition period) under the same conditions. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. NOTE: Task-Based Professional Services (TSPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on an annual basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Richards, Jessie 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 10C1, Place du Portage III Gatineau Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29047.txt	The Alberta Department of Energy, Information Management and Technology Services Branch, Business Solutions Delivery, requires the services of: 1 or more Systems Analysts ? GIS Analyst (csharp) To provide application services to the client community full time, on a Time and Material basis. The Resource(s) will be responsible for development, maintenance and support of applications and interfaces accessing or utilizing the GIS system currently in use within the Alberta Department of Energy. Reporting to the Associate Director of Communications Business Solutions, the Resource(s) will work under the direction and supervision of the Team Lead GIS Solutions. The application environment consists of microcomputer applications running on Intel boxes utilizing Microsoft Windows 2003 Server or Windows XP Clients, csharp,MicrosoftSQL Server 2005, Visual C/cplusplus, and Visual Basic 6.0. The main focus of the contracted Resource(s) will be to provide application maintenance and enhancements in a release structure. Other support activities may include providing business knowledge and technical support. In general, key aspects of the role are: - Identifying client requirements and specifying resulting system changes; - Programming planned enhancements; - Supporting the acceptance testing environments; - Ensuring changes to the application meet the Department standards; - Providing on call support after regular business hours on an as needed basis; - Working with automated tools used to support the application. Supervisory duties are not required at this time, although the successful Resource(s) may be responsible for providing direction on projects and/or tasks. The successful candidate(s) must possess excellent interpersonal skills and experience in communicating directly with the client community, along with a proven ability to function within a team. Resources must also possess excellent diagnostic and problem solving skills. Education and past experience should be in keeping with that required to fully understand the technical aspects of the tasks. The work location is the 8th floor at 9942-108 Street, Edmonton, Alberta. The standard workweek is comprised of five (5) days at 7.25 hours per day. Typical business hours are from 8:15 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. to 4:30 p.m., with resources starting no earlier than 7:30 a.m. However, work hours may vary and overtime and/or standby time may be required. The Department will pay the hourly rate submitted in the response for all overtime hours worked. The successful candidate is required to adhere to the Department?s business dress code requiring that personnel present a neat appearance with appropriate clothing and to provide their own stationery supplies. Contact : Judy Nielsen Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
39134.txt	Information Technology Managed Infrastructure Services Seek competitive proposals from qualified companies to provide ongoing support, maintenance and monitoring of AIHS network assets, network and data security measures, service desk support, network performance optimization, and server application management among other services. URL_TAG 
39227.txt	1 or more System Test Leads The Alberta Department of Energy, Information Management and Technology Services Branch (IM&TS), Business Solutions Delivery, requires the services of: 1 or more System Test Leads to provide system testing expertise to the IT Branch on a Time and Material basis. Reporting indirectly to the Associate Director Communication Applications, the System Team Lead will work under the direction and supervision of the Project Managers/ Team Leads of application development and maintenance projects. The System Test Lead will coordinate the system testing effort for applications currently under development and maintenance. The System Test Lead could manage small system test teams (1-2 system testers) in the system testing effort. For new application development, the architecture will be an N-tier, .Net framework, using csharp as the development language to access a MSSQL Server database. The Rational Unified Process (RUP) methodology and Unified Modeling Language (UML) will be used for the projects (new development and maintenance) The main focus of the contracted resource will be to provide system testing expertise to these projects. Other activities may include participating in the extended project management team. In general, key aspects of the role are: - Coordinate the scheduling, managing system test resources, test execution and verification of results; - Identifying and documenting test cases; - Ensuring system test coverage is complete and all required system test cases have been produced. The successful candidate must possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills, along with a proven ability to function within a team. The candidate must also possess excellent diagnostic and problem solving skills. Education and past experience should be in keeping with that required to fully understand the technical aspects of the tasks. The work location is the 9th floor at 9942-108 Street, Edmonton, Alberta. The standard workweek is comprised of five (5) days at 7.25 hours per day. Typical business hours are from 8:15 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. to 4:30 p.m., with resources starting no earlier than 7:30 a.m. However, work hours may vary and overtime and/or standby time may be required. The Department will pay the hourly rate submitted in the response for all overtime hours worked. The successful candidate is required to adhere to the Department's business dress code requiring that personnel present a neat appearance with appropriate clothing and to provide their own stationery supplies. URL_TAG 
28097.txt	Opportunity Description: The Alberta Department of Energy, Information Management and Technology Services Branch, Business Solutions Delivery, requires the services of:   1 or more Systems Analysts – GIS Analyst (csharp)   To provide application services to the client community full time, on a Time and Material basis. The Resource(s) will be responsible for development, maintenance and support of applications and interfaces accessing or utilizing the GIS system currently in use within the Alberta Department of Energy. Reporting to the Associate Director of Communications Business Solutions, the Resource(s) will work under the direction and supervision of the Team Lead GIS Solutions.   The application environment consists of microcomputer applications running on Intel boxes utilizing Microsoft Windows 2003 Server or Windows XP Clients, csharp,MicrosoftSQL Server 2005, Visual C/cplusplus, and Visual Basic 6.0.   The main focus of the contracted Resource(s) will be to provide application maintenance and enhancements in a release structure. Other support activities may include providing business knowledge and technical support. In general, key aspects of the role are:   - Identifying client requirements and specifying resulting system changes;  - Programming planned enhancements;  - Supporting the acceptance testing environments;  - Ensuring changes to the application meet the Department standards;  - Providing on call support after regular business hours on an as needed basis;  - Working with automated tools used to support the application.   Supervisory duties are not required at this time, although the successful Resource(s) may be responsible for providing direction on projects and/or tasks.   The successful candidate(s) must possess excellent interpersonal skills and experience in communicating directly with the client community, along with a proven ability to function within a team. Resources must also possess excellent diagnostic and problem solving skills.   Education and past experience should be in keeping with that required to fully understand the technical aspects of the tasks.   The work location is the 8th floor at 9942-108 Street, Edmonton, Alberta. The standard workweek is comprised of five (5) days at 7.25 hours per day. Typical business hours are from 8:15 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. to 4:30 p.m., with resources starting no earlier than 7:30 a.m. However, work hours may vary and overtime and/or standby time may be required. The Department will pay the hourly rate submitted in the response for all overtime hours worked.   The successful candidate is required to adhere to the Department's business dress code requiring that personnel present a neat appearance with appropriate clothing and to provide their own stationery supplies.  
35490.txt	Project Manager – Canada Vigilance Project (eReporting) NOTICE OF PROPOSED PROCUREMENT (NPP) Qualified companies 1. 168446 Canada Inc. 2. 3149455 Canada Inc. 3. 3755479 Canada Inc. 4. 529040 ONTARIO INC and 880382 ONTARIO INC 5. Net Solutions 6. ADGA Group Consultants Inc. 7. Adirondack Information Management Inc. 8. ADRM Technology Consulting Group Corp. 9. ADRM Technology Consulting Group Corp. / Randstad Interim Inc. 10. AIM - Automated Information Management Corporation 11. Alcea Technologies Inc. 12. Alika Internet Technologies Inc. 13. Altis Human Resources (Ottawa) Inc. 14. ALTRUISTIC INFORMATICS CONSULTING Altruistic Informatics ConsultingINC. 15. Amtek Engineering services Ltd. 16. ARTEMP PERSONNEL SERVICES INC 17. AZUR HUMAN RESOURCES LIMITED 18. BP & M Government IM & IT Consulting Inc. 19. Bragelo Group Inc. 20. Bridgetown Consulting Inc. 21. BurntEdge Incorporated 22. Calian Ltd. 23. Callihoo Consulting Group Inc 24. CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc. 25. Chelsea Consulting Group Inc. 26. CloseReach Ltd. 27. CloseReach Ltd., Rowanwood Consulting Inc., Bell, Browne, Molnar & Delicate Consulting Inc. IN JOINT VENTURE 28. COLLIGO CONSULTING INCORPORATED 29. Confluence Consulting Inc. 30. Confluence Consulting Inc., McConnell HR Consulting Inc. IN JOINT VENTURE 31. Conoscenti Technologies Inc. 32. Conseillers en Informatique d'Affaires CIA Inc 33. Contract Community Inc. 34. CONTRACT COMMUNITY INC., NISHA TECHNOLOGIES INC IN JOINT VENTURE 35. Coradix technology Consulting Ltd. 36. CORE Software Corporation Inc. 37. CoreTracks Inc. 38. CPCS Transcom Limited 39. Dalian Enterprises and Coradix Technology Consulting, in Joint Venture 40. DAMA Consulting Services Limited 41. Dare Human Resources Corporation 42. DEL-PM INC. 43. Dessau Inc. 44. Donna Cona Inc. 45. Donna Cona Inc. (In Joint Venture with Messa Computing Inc) 46. DPRA Canada Incorporated 47. Eagle Professional Resources Inc. 48. Econ Inc. 49. Emerion 50. Epixus Incorporated 51. eVison Inc., Softsims Technologies Inc. 52. Evolve Government Consulting Inc 53. FMC Professionals Inc. 54. FMP/Flaman Management Partners Ltd. 55. Foursight Consulting Group Inc. 56. Fujitsu Consulting (CANADA) Inc./Fujitsu Conseil (Canada) Inc. 57. GENIVAR Inc. 58. Government Procurement Consultants Ltd. Turner Consulting & Management Services Inc., 12131415 Ontario Inc. in Joint Venture 59. HDP Group Inc 60. Helm's Deep Consulting Corp. 61. I4C INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CONSULTING INC 62. IAN MARTIN LIMITED 63. IBISKA Telecom Inc. 64. IBM Canada Ltd. 65. iFathom Corporation 66. Information Management and Technology Consultants Inc. 67. Interis Consulting Inc. 68. IT Services Canada Inc. 69. IT/Net - Ottawa Inc. 70. John Holinsky 71. Joubert Management Consulting Services - Services de conseils en gestion Inc. 72. Kelly Sears Consulting Group 73. Lansdowne Technologies Inc. 74. Le Groupe Conseil Bronson Consulting Group 75. Les Technologies S. T.A. Y. inc. 76. Leverage Technology Resources Inc. 77. Lightning Tree Consulting 78. Lightning Tree Consulting Inc. 79. LNW Consulting Inc 80. Lumina IT inc. 81. Lumina IT inc./C.B.-Z. Inc. (Joint Venture) 82. Maplesoft Consulting Inc. 83. Mason Clark Group Inc. 84. McDonnell Doane + Associates Limited 85. MHPM Project Managers Inc. 86. Modis Canada Inc 87. Multi-Access Systems Ltd. 88. Naut'sa mawt Resources Group, Inc. 89. NexProject Solutions Inc. 90. Nortak Software Ltd. 91. NRNS Incorporated 92. OTUS Strategic Financial Business Planning 93. Performance Management Network Inc. 94. Perram Consulting Inc. 95. PGF Consultants Inc. 96. Phirelight E-Business Solutions Inc. 97. Planet Personnel Agency Inc. 98. Pleiad Canada Inc. 99. PPI Consulting Limited 100. Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP 101. Procom Consultants Group Ltd 102. Promaxis Systems Inc 103. ProVision IT Resources Ltd. 104. PublicInsite Web Analytics Inc. 105. QMR Staffing Solutions Incorporated 106. Quallium Corporation 107. Quantum Management Services Limited 108. RainMakers Consulting Services Inc 109. Randstad Interim Incorporated 110. Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Consulting Inc. 111. RED FEATHER CONSULTING INC, SPEARHEAD MANAGEMENT CANADA LIMITED / GESTION SPEARHEAD CANADA LIMITEE IN JOINT VENTURE 112. Robert Half Canada Inc. 113. Robertson & Company Ltd. 114. Roman Klimowicz Consulting 115. S.i. Systems Ltd. 116. Sheffield Blake Ltd. 117. Sinapse interventions stratégiques inc. 118. SoftSim Technologies Inc. 119. Somos Consulting Group Ltd. 120. Spearhead Management Canada Ltd. 121. Strategic Relationships Solutions Inc. 122. Systematix IT Solutions Inc./Systematix Technologies de L'Information Inc./Les Services Conseils Systematix Inc. in Joint Venture. 123. Systemscope Inc. 124. Systemscope Inc., LNW Consulting Inc., Perfontics Consulting Inc., VK Computer Systems Inc., Lansdowne Technology Services Inc., IN JOINT VENTURE 125. The Alder Group Inc. 126. The Bell Telephone Company of Canada or Bell Canada/La Compagnie de Telephone Bell du Canada ou Bell Canada 127. The Corporate Research Group Ltd. 128. The Devon Group Ltd. 129. The Halifax Group Inc. 130. TPG Technology Consulting Ltd. 131. Transpolar Technology Corporation and The Halifax Computer Consulting Group In Joint Venture 132. TRM Technologies Inc. 133. Valcom Consulting group Inc. 134. Veritaaq Technology House Inc. 135. Y2 CONSULTING PSYCHOLOGISTS INC. 136. Yoush Inc. Solicitation #:1000133931 Closing Date: December 21, 2011 Time:2:00 P.M. EST This requirement is for the department of Health Canada. Title: Project Manager – Canada Vigilance Project (eReporting) Introduction: The Marketed Heath Products Directorate of Health Canada works to assure that Health Products and Food Branch programs take a consistent approach to post-approval safety surveillance, assessment of signals and safety trends and risk communications concerning all regulated marketed health products. This includes monitoring and collection of adverse reaction (AR) data.  The Canada Vigilance Program, led by MHPD, is Health Canada's post-market surveillance program that collects and assesses reports of suspected adverse reactions to health products marketed in Canada. Post-market surveillance enables Health Canada to monitor the safety profile of health products once they are marketed to ensure that the benefits of the products continue to outweigh the risks. MHPD has successfully procured and implemented a commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) pharmacovigilance system to support the Directorate's business mandate. The COTS product also supports collection of adverse reaction information from clinical trials (pre-market) and the electronic submission of adverse reaction reports by Market Authorization Holders (MAHs) and Sponsors in an International Conference on Harmonisation (ICH) format.  The role of the Project Manager will involve completing the implementation of MHPD's Canada Vigilance e-Reporting Project Plan including: managing the project team as it works toward meeting the project's goals and objectives, and providing ongoing guidance to the Directorate in terms of the business requirements – along the lines of the accepted international models such as the European Medicines Agency's (EMEA) EudraVigilance system – necessary to support this major investment.  Estimated Value: $325,000.00 Ownership of Intellectual Property: The Crown will own Intellectual Property Security Requirement: Reliability  Status . Mandatory Requirements:  MT1  The Bidder must submit detailed CV for the proposed resource demonstrating that it meets the minimum mandatory requirements (educational, professional designations and work experience) for resource category: Project Manager Level 3 as described below in the Flexible Grid. One (1) Project Manager – Level 3 It is preferred that Bidders include, as a minimum, for each CV: (a) Name and category of proposed resource (senior, intermediate, junior or support) (b) Education (c) Professional Accreditations (current status) (d) Security information (level of security, CISD file number and expiry date) (e) Years of Experience and years with the firm (f) Description of Relevant Project Experience (g) Main responsibilities of work performed by the proposed resource on the project (h) Reference(s) (Name, telephone number, e-mail), which may be contacted to verify work experience. For each resource, please fill in the following: Resource Category and Level Name Education (High School, Post Secondary and/or Certifications) Number of years of Work life Experience Project Manager - Level 3  MT2  The Bidder must submit, for the proposed resource, a detailed resume that demonstrates experience in managing projects of at least medium size and scope, i.e. projects with a minimum of at least three (3) team members. The proposed resource must demonstrate a total of ten (10) years experience in managing projects within the last fifteen (15) years. The Bidder shall bold-face or highlight the relevant areas in the resource's CV. Employment History: - Name of client organization exterior to the Bidder's organization; - Summary/Description; - Scope and complexity; - Relevance to the Statement of Work identified herein; - Start and end dates of the project (from-to dates in month/year: bidders must calculate the number of months and insert the total number in brackets; example - January 2005 to March 2005 (3 months); and - Role and responsibility of the individual. MT3  The Bidder must demonstrate that the proposed resource has experience in project management of at least two (2) Business Transformation projects for the Federal Government within the last ten (10) years, each lasting a minimum of one (1) year and having a minimum of three (3) key deliverables.  MT4  The Bidder must provide two (2) client references for the proposed resource (maximum one (1) reference per project). The references must be able to confirm the resource's successful completion of Business Transformation projects for the Federal Government. Bidder must provide: - Client name - client phone number and email - Title of project - brief description of role - value of the related requirement MT5  The Bidder must demonstrate that the proposed resource meets the following minimum education requirements: An undergraduate degree from a recognised university -and- twenty-four (24) months of demonstrated project management experience within the last sixty (60) months  -OR- Having successfully completed the equivalent of six months of full time Project Management Training at a provincially accredited Project Management Training Institution or evidence of Project Management Institute accreditation -and- twelve(12) months of demonstrated project management experience within the last thirty-six (36) months  Enquiries to: Randy Brown. EMAIL_TAG  
38144.txt	Social Network Analysis (SNA) proof-of-concept prototype in support of intelligence analysis Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Title: Social Network Analysis (SNA) proof-of-concept prototype in support of intelligence analysis Purpose The objectives of the work are to: Develop a proof-of-concept prototype that will be composed of a suite of tools enabling social network analysis (SNA) for intelligence analysis and sense making; Support the demonstration, validation, and evaluation of the prototype. The conducted work must lead to the development of a fully functional SNA proof of concept prototype in line with the SNAC framework and the provided use case. The proof of concept prototype must be developed respecting the SOA principles as well as the I&I Section S&T Infrastructures. This piece of work also includes demonstration and validation of the prototype. FIELD OF THE WORK The objectives of Defence research and development Canada - Valcartier for the present project is to execute the following tasks: Task 1. Project Familiarisation Task 2. Development and refinement of the use cases Task 3. Development Planning Task 4. Proof of concept prototype development Task 5. Demonstration, Validation, and Experimentation Task 6. Project Management Background Social Network Analysis (SNA) within a Counter Insurgency (COIN) and Defence context With the conclusion of the Cold War, many believed that the world would become more stable than before; on the contrary, that ending started an era characterized by a proliferation of unstable and unclear parties fighting one another to get control. While state on state conflicts cannot be ruled out in the future, there is currently an increased requirement for the involvement of the Canadian Forces in so called "Irregular Warfare" (IW). Along with this emerging situation, a corresponding vocabulary started to emerge; for instance the terms of "irregular warfare" itself, "asymmetric threat", "counter insurgency" or (counter) "improvised explosive device" ((C)-IED). In 2006, the US Department of Defense (DoD) clearly started to use the following definition of "Irregular Warfare "A violent struggle among state and non state actors for legitimacy and influence over the relevant populations. IW favors indirect and asymmetric approaches, though it may employ the full range of military and other capacities, in order to erode an adversary's power, influence, and will. It is inherently a protracted struggle that will test the resolve of ur Nation and our strategic partners." This definition stresses few elements; first it refers to asymmetric approaches in opposition to the conventional threats that were known up to the Cold War period. Second, it positions the importance of gaining local population support as the key bjective of such warfare. Finally it integrates the threat to ur country (in this case actually the United States) as well as to partners. The Canadian Forces Counter Insurgency doctrine defines insurgency as "a part of a wider set of irregular activities and threats to a secure and stable environment" - or we could say a proposed secure and stable environment. Irregular activity may be defined as: "behaviour that attempts to affect or prevent change through the illegal use, or threat, of violence, conducted by ideologically or criminally motivated non-regular forces, groups or individuals, as a challenge to authority". Within this context, the insurgents will search to acquire support from the population and in parallel will conduct criminal activities directed against the government in place or against forces supporting it. One of the violent and criminal activities our Forces are facing is the use of improvised explosive devices (IEDs) by the insurgents. Client department The services will be rendered to Defence Research and Development Canada (DRDC-Valcartier). Period of the contract : The period of the Contract is from date of Contract to March 31, 2014. Contract funding The maximum funding available for the contract resulting from the bid solicitation is $644 000 CAD (Goods and Services Tax or the Harmonized Sales Tax extra, as appropriate). The maximum funding is $156 000 in FY 11/12, $320 000 in FY 12/13 and $168 000 in FY 13/14. The "Main Work Piece", the Work authorization #1, and the Work authorization #2 will each respectively be allocated $304 000, $205 000, and $135 000. Point Rated Technical Criteria Technical proposal /Strategy, appoach, methodology max.50 points, min. 22 points Technical proposal / Demonstration of expertise max. 35 points, min. 15 points Competence and experience of the personnel directly involved in the project max. 240 points, min. 100 points Management - Project manager max. 17 points, min. 6 points Management - Task/time allocation max. 50 points, min. 20 points Management - Assignment of personnel max. 50 points, min. 30 points Capabilities and experience of the firm max. 15 points, min. 5 points Ownership of Intellectual Property :  Defence Research and Development Canada - Valcartier has determined that any intellectual property rights arising from the performance of the Work under the resulting contract will belong to Canada. Other information : The requirement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT). The requirement is limited to Canadian services. W7701-125227/A Brisebois, Aline Ndegrees de téléphone - PHONENUMBER_TAG Nº fax - PHONENUMBER_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Brisebois, Aline 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
38195.txt	The Common Enterprise Data Initiative (CEDI) TBS-24062-12-266 The Common Enterprise Data Initiative (CEDI) was established in the Financial Management Sector as part of the mandate of the Office of the Comptroller General to establish enterprise-wide financial management standards and guidelines for modernizing the delivery of common data and information standards. These standardized processes will be used to support Government of Canada-wide efforts in improving financial stewardship and public sector accountability. Standardizing information and data, leveraging technology to deliver them and establishing service focused processes to support both front and back office functions is the best approach in moving this shared agenda forward. CEDI establishes a framework for proactively managing financial data and information as a strategic asset and enterprise enabler, with capabilities to better meet stakeholder requirements for better information and improved financial management services.  CEDI is laying the groundwork for an enterprise implementation of common information and data that will resolve significant reporting issues that have challenged the Government of Canada (GC) for a number of years, as well as, resolving pervasive vendor, customer, materiel and asset data management issues, to name but a few. CEDI will standardize information and data elements and support data interoperability across enterprise systems allowing for easier sharing of data.  In the long-term, the strategic framework is expected to include: Policy instruments such as data standards and guidelines which will also define standard roles, responsibilities and accountabilities for data management, including monitoring and compliance requirements and functions, and will be integrated with Common Financial Management Business Processes (FM-BP) and Financial Management System Configuration (FM-SC) requirements for financial management systems. Where appropriate, implementation of common reference data and common data repositories to support the implementation of data standards and establish authoritative Government of Canada (GC) data sources for critical pieces of information. Integration of data standards and roles and responsibilities into financial management business processes and financial management systems, to improve the consistency and comparability of information, and support financial systems interoperability. CEDI will be delivered as a series of projects/deliverables that build toward the target-state vision for common enterprise data. Over the next three+ fiscal years, data standardization projects will be undertaken as part of CEDI's mandate to develop and implement Treasury Board Policy Instruments (Standards, Guidelines and Tools) and governance. Projects will be selected based on a combination of Government and stakeholder priorities, and alignment with the overall vision and principles for common enterprise data.  The expected results for the development of data standards are:  More consistent and comparable financial information   Increased standardization, and improved support for interoperability  Support of more responsive and efficient responses to information requests (e.g. parliamentary questions, ATIP, horizontal requests)  Reduced customization of system configurations  Increased awareness of intent and use of classification structures for financial information General assumptions and considerations in the development of data standards and data records are:   Standards and guidelines will be issued under the framework of the Policy on the Stewardship of Financial Management Systems (FMS) – governance will recognize existing authorities and responsibilities  Standards will identify required common data elements and values, as well as provide flexibility for optional data elements and values used to meet unique departmental needs  Policy instruments will consider costs, timeframes and impacts to departments Subject Matter Expert (SME) Role The role of the SME is as follows: - Provide subject matter content and related advice, conduct subject-matter related research, engage various stakeholders and other project teams and develop material in support of the development of the record standard and/or guideline.  - Participate in and lead discussions at project and ad hoc working group meetings, leading working group (WG) discussions and resolving subject matter issues. - Support the Working Group Chair with subject matter expertise to accelerate the development and endorsement of the deliverables by the WG members. - Track issues and lead the issue resolution process. Prepare required documentation to escalate issues through established governance structures.  - Provide input into a weekly project status report to the Project Team Lead and attend weekly project status meetings, as required. - As part of the Working Group Team deliverables, in addition to delivering on schedule a data standard that meets departmental and central agency requirements, also establish the data maintenance program for that standard.  - Recommend follow-on activities for continuous improvements and out-of-scope activities. Task and Activities a) The resource will provide subject matter related expertise/advice, participate in stakeholder engagement activities and undertake research in the support of the applicable record data standardization project. The resource will work closely with a Project Team Lead as well as a Project Team Project Coordinator who are responsible for the coordination of the working group and stakeholder activities and are also responsible for the overall delivery of the project's documents. b) Organize and manage working group meetings which includes developing agendas for working group meetings, developing discussion documents and recording decisions and action items (not minutes).,  c) Engage various stakeholders internal and external to the OCG and other project and initiative working group(s) members. d) Develop and provide subject matter documentation for the data standardization project on schedule  e) Organize and facilitate working group and ad hoc sessions f) Provide input to evergreen an existing draft environmental scan (data discovery) or undertake a new scan for a data standard record yet to be undertaken g) Provide input to evergreen an existing draft Strength, Weakness, Opportunity and Threat (SWOT) analysis and/or undertake a new analysis for a data standard record yet to be undertaken h) Document and/or update existing requirements for the data standard project or undertaken new analysis for a new data standard record. i) Provide input to the scope and problem statement and value proposition for the standardization of any new data elements j) Define semantics and metadata requirements k) Support in the design of data models and architectures that meet the project requirements l) Conduct research on industry best practices m) Support and provide input into the reengineering of GC data management business processes n) Develop a data standardization Concept Paper "Green Paper" for the project ) Engage stakeholders and solicit comments using the GC gcpedia site including analyzing the comments and determining a course of action for the comments p) Provide subject matter expertise in the development of the FMS Data Standard Draft q) Maintain and manage records of decision, including action, issues and risk logs r) Preparing a post-project report - Document requirements for next version of the standard Deliverables and Milestones The list below identifies the documents, and their approval date, that each Data Standard Lead Analyst and the Data Standard Subject Matter Expert (the resource being sought in this statement of work) will develop in collaboration with the working groups and key stakeholders.  As with all projects, circumstances may require the CEDI management team to shift deliverables and timelines  Documents and deliverables to be met are as follows: A) Meeting documents such as agendas, records of decision and presentation decks etc on a predetermined project management cycle B) Maintain action and issue logs, risk registers on an on-going basis C) Final versions of subject matter requirements analysis documents (includes, but not limited to, legislative and policy requirements, comparative analysis of the working group departments' data and current business practices, central agency and departmental reporting and operational requirements, etc.)  D) Final draft version of subject matter concept paper. This document defines expected scope of the data and information standard, summary of drivers and benefits, requirements and content guidelines, controls, and authoritative data sources, as well as expected results, specific roles, responsibilities and accountabilities for data management, and the expected approach and specific measures from policy monitoring and compliance. The concept paper also a design model for the Data Standard, including developing definitions and semantics, file format structures/metadata, hierarchical relationships, and value sets where appropriate. E) Draft data standard and final version of subject matter data standard and in the case of the Common Departmental Chart of Accounts, a draft guideline as well. This includes collaborating with the other CEDI project teams to ensure integration between the CEDI data elements and other relevant data standards in the Government of Canada and to develop data standards in a Whole of Government context as well as also providing input to the development of policy approval documentation. The standard, guideline or tool and including documents required for the approval of the policy instruments. The documents follow a specified template and include expected results, specific roles, responsibilities and accountabilities for data management, and the expected approach and specific measures from policy monitoring and compliance, and a data dictionary, developed in the concept paper, is presented in the appendix) – March 2011 F) Prepare a close-out report which outlines the recommendations for future work required beyond March 2015 which includes recommended follow-on activities for continuous improvements and out-of-scope activities. G) Contractor personnel will make all necessary preparation in order to actively participate in any project status meetings convened by the Executive or Senior Director or Initiative Manager. H) Prepare draft concept papers for new master data items in 2011-2012 only and as applicable. They would be expected to participate in the finalization of the draft concept papers if they are not final by time of contract award..  OCG shall: - Participate jointly with the contractor in identifying key stakeholders. - Participate, jointly with the contractor, in all meetings, interviews and communication interactions. - Participate jointly with the contractor is scheduling meetings and interviews. - Participate, jointly with the contractor, in the analysis of the information gathered through researches, meetings, interviews and any other kind of interaction. - Provide the required documentation to the contractor. - Provide functional expertise on an ad hoc basis. All final versions of documents, as applicable, shall be delivered in hard copy and/or electronic format, as requested. Hard copy final document shall be bound in a professional manner (e.g. binders, cerlox, coil, tape bound, etc). One electronic copy of all final documents shall be delivered in the following format: - Microsoft word 2003 or later - 8 x 11 plain bond paper - A copy of all reports and documentation shall be provided on completion of the contract, electronically in the format requested on an appropriate media (CD ROM, etc)  Location of Work Most work will be completed off site at the contractor's offices. The resources will have access to the OCG Ottawa office for the purpose of attending meetings. Office space at the OCG Ottawa office may be made available on an ad-hoc basis when necessary. Language Requirements The resource must be fluent in English.  Travel and Training There is no provision for travel and training costs during this contract 2.5 Business Process Consultant – Level 2  Qualified Suppliers – Tier 1 (<$2M) AIM - Automated Information Management Corporation Details on AIM - Automated Information Management Corporation  FoxRed Consulting Inc. Details on FoxRed Consulting Inc.  Nortak Software Ltd. Details on Nortak Software Ltd.  Lansdowne Technologies Inc. Details on Lansdowne Technologies Inc.  Calian Ltd. Details on Calian Ltd.  ADGA Group Consultants Inc. Details on ADGA Group Consultants Inc.  S.i. Systems Ltd. Details on S.i. Systems Ltd.  Goss Gilroy Inc.  Details on Goss Gilroy Inc.  A. Net Solutions Details on A. Net Solutions  Eagle Professional Resources Inc. Details on Eagle Professional Resources Inc.  Econ Inc. Details on Econ Inc.  Y2 CONSULTING PSYCHOLOGISTS INC. Details on Y2 CONSULTING PSYCHOLOGISTS INC.  TRM Technologies Inc. Details on TRM Technologies Inc.  Valcom Consulting group Inc. Details on Valcom Consulting group Inc.  Spearhead Management Canada Ltd. Details on Spearhead Management Canada Ltd.  Coradix technology Consulting Ltd. Details on Coradix technology Consulting Ltd.  Dalian Enterprises and Coradix Technology Consulting, in Joint Venture Details on Dalian Enterprises and Coradix Technology Consulting, in Joint Venture  Donna Cona Inc. Details on Donna Cona Inc.  The AIM Group Inc. Details on The AIM Group Inc.  Sinapse interventions stratégiques inc. Details on Sinapse interventions stratégiques inc.  MGIS Inc. Details on MGIS Inc.  IT/Net - Ottawa Inc. Details on IT/Net - Ottawa Inc.  Systemscope Inc. Details on Systemscope Inc.  Bridgetown Consulting Inc. Details on Bridgetown Consulting Inc.  Évaluation Personnel Sélection International Inc. Details on Évaluation Personnel Sélection International Inc.  Quallium Corporation Details on Quallium Corporation  Fujitsu Consulting (CANADA) Inc./Fujitsu Conseil (Canada) Inc. Details on Fujitsu Consulting (CANADA) Inc./Fujitsu Conseil (Canada) Inc.  Performance Management Network Inc. Details on Performance Management Network Inc.  168446 Canada Inc. Details on 168446 Canada Inc.  175213 Canada Inc. Details on 175213 Canada Inc.  TDV Global inc. Details on TDV Global inc.  Transpolar Technology Corporation and The Halifax Computer Consulting Group In Joint Venture Details on Transpolar Technology Corporation and The Halifax Computer Consulting Group In Joint Venture  Lannick Contract Solutions Inc. Details on Lannick Contract Solutions Inc.  Modis Canada Inc Details on Modis Canada Inc  HDP Group Inc Details on HDP Group Inc  Human Resource Systems Group Ltd. Details on Human Resource Systems Group Ltd.  Kelly Sears Consulting Group Details on Kelly Sears Consulting Group  Toppazzini & Lee Consulting Inc Details on Toppazzini & Lee Consulting Inc  CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc. Details on CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc.  Le Groupe Conseil Bronson Consulting Group Details on Le Groupe Conseil Bronson Consulting Group  MTS Allstream Inc. Details on MTS Allstream Inc.  Helm's Deep Consulting Corp. Details on Helm's Deep Consulting Corp.  Interis Consulting Inc. Details on Interis Consulting Inc.  Veritaaq Technology House Inc. Details on Veritaaq Technology House Inc.  Maplesoft Consulting Inc. Details on Maplesoft Consulting Inc.  IBM Canada Ltd. Details on IBM Canada Ltd.  iFathom Corporation Details on iFathom Corporation  Somos Consulting Group Ltd. Details on Somos Consulting Group Ltd.  The Bell Telephone Company of Canada or Bell Canada/La Compagnie de Téléphone Bell du Canada ou Bell Canada Details on The Bell Telephone Company of Canada or Bell Canada/La Compagnie de Téléphone Bell du Canada ou Bell Canada  PGF Consultants Inc. Details on PGF Consultants Inc.  KPMG LLP Details on KPMG LLP  DPRA Canada Incorporated Details on DPRA Canada Incorporated  Accenture Inc. Details on Accenture Inc.  IBISKA Telecom Inc. Details on IBISKA Telecom Inc.  QMR Staffing Solutions Incorporated Details on QMR Staffing Solutions Incorporated  
28293.txt	Notice of Proposed Procurement - CYBER PROTECTION SUPPLY ARRANGEMENT (CPSA) REQUIREMENT  CYBER PROTECTION SUPPLY ARRANGEMENT (CPSA) REQUIREMENT  (PWGSC File No. W2213-050347/H) This requirement is for the department of: Finance Canada  This requirement is for: Work Stream: 3 - for the services of one (1) IT Security VA Specialist: The Information Management and Technology Directorate (IMTD) of the Department of Finance Canada is implementing a new departmental network and requires IT Security Professional services to conduct a technical vulnerability assessment of the new Protected B network infrastructure based on virtualization and Thin Client technologies hosted in a Microsoft Remote Desktop Services (RDS) environment with limited desktop computers. The resource will be required for an estimated 30 days from December 5, 2011 to March 31, 2012, with including an option for an additional 15 days (for a total of 45 days) if needed. The estimated value of this requirement is $ 50,000.00 (HST and option period included). This requirement is open only to the following companies: 1. IPSS Inc. 150 Isabella Street, Suite 101 Ottawa, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG 2. Team Elytra – IBISKA 2625 Queensview Drive Suite 105 Ottawa, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG 3. Team PWC/Excell c/o PriceWaterhouseCoopers 800-99 Bank Street  Ottawa, ON POSTALCODE_TAG 4. TRM Technologies Inc. 151 Slater Street, Suite 100 Ottawa, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG 5. Computer Sciences Canada Inc. 555 Legget Drive 9th Floor Tower A Kanata, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG Request For Proposal (RFP) documents will be e-mailed directly, from the contracting officer, to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. Inquiries regarding this RFP requirement are to be submitted to the contracting officer listed below: File Number: FIN-993305-2011-10-19  Contracting Officer: Jason Roberts  Phone Number: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax Number: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Email: EMAIL_TAG 
28958.txt	Senior Citrix Specialist The Information Technology Division of CMHC is looking to engage the services of a Senior Citrix Architect for a 5-month contract. The contract will be from October 30, 2011 to March 24, 2012.  This contract requires expert knowledge and demonstrated experience to perform installation of required Citrix software and architecture dependent software and provide expertise and detailed technical advice on the Citrix implementation to the CMHC Citrix Project team. The environment will be Windows based Citrix server farm providing windows hosted applications to the CMHC clients.  Suppliers interested in learning more about this opportunity should click on "Order Associated Components" to download the complete solicitation document. Please note that CMHC will not distribute solicitation documents that are posted on Merx.  Veuillez prendre note que ce document n'est pas affiché à Merx en français. Les fournisseurs qui désirent obtenir le document demande de propositions en français doivent contacter l'autorité contractant(e). 
29500.txt	Pivotal6 Trim7.1 Infrastructure project The objective of the project is to engage a vendor to design, implement, test, promote to other environments the Pivotal v6 and Trim EDRMS v7.1 base infrastructure as well as the Trim WCM v7.1 infrastructure solution. The vendor should also provide post build support. The solution should use the latest version releases integrated end to end with the OEB environment. This will incorporate Windows Server 2008 R2/(SP-1), Microsoft SQL Server 2008 database, Internet, SharePoint 2010, Office / Outlook 2010, Exchange 2010, Citrix XenApp, and Windows 7 in a Virtualized environment. The project is expected to begin on 1st December 2011. Proponents should submit a plan with timelines and deliverables. Proponents and proposed candidates should have prior experience in implementing a similar solution using Trim and Pivotal. 
33706.txt	1 or more System Test Leads The Alberta Department of Energy, Information Management and Technology Services Branch (IM&TS), Business Solutions Delivery, requires the services of: 1 or more System Test Leads to provide system testing expertise to the IT Branch on a Time and Material basis. Reporting indirectly to the Associate Director Communication Applications, the System Team Lead will work under the direction and supervision of the Project Managers/ Team Leads of application development and maintenance projects. The System Test Lead will coordinate the system testing effort for applications currently under development and maintenance. The System Test Lead could manage small system test teams (1-2 system testers) in the system testing effort. For new application development, the architecture will be an N-tier, .Net framework, using csharp as the development language to access a MSSQL Server database. The Rational Unified Process (RUP) methodology and UML will be used for the projects (new development and maintenance) The main focus of the contracted resource will be to provide system testing expertise to these projects. Other activities may include participating in the extended project management team. In general, key aspects of the role are: - Coordinate the scheduling, managing system test resources, test execution and verification of results; - Identifying and documenting test cases; - Ensuring system test coverage is complete and all required system test cases have been produced. The successful candidate must possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills, along with a proven ability to function within a team. The candidate must also possess excellent diagnostic and problem solving skills. Education and past experience should be in keeping with that required to fully understand the technical aspects of the tasks. The work location is the 9th floor at 9942-108 Street, Edmonton, Alberta. The standard workweek is comprised of five (5) days at 7.25 hours per day. Typical business hours are from 8:15 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. to 4:30 p.m., with resources starting no earlier than 7:30 a.m. However, work hours may vary and overtime and/or standby time may be required. The Department will pay the hourly rate submitted in the response for all overtime hours worked. The successful candidate is required to adhere to the Department's business dress code requiring that personnel present a neat appearance with appropriate clothing and to provide their own stationery supplies. URL_TAG 
36862.txt	TBIPS - 1-Application/Software Architect Level III Notice of Proposed Procurement (NPP) 1000301341 (PWGSC SA No. EN578-55605-A) (TBIPS) This requirement is for the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA).  Under the Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Method of Supply, we have a requirement for the following:   1-Application/Software Architect Level III Closing Date: January 4th, 2012 11:00am EST  The services of the Senior Project Manager are required for a period of three years, estimated level of effort of 720 days from date of contract with two options to extend for one year each. The following SA holders have been invited to submit a bid: Donna Cona Inc IT Services Canada Inc (o/a Nattiq) Lumina IT Olav Consulting Corp Professional Computer Consultants Group Ltd. (o/a Procom) Randstad Interim Inc S.I. Systems Spearhead Management Canada TPG Technology Consulting Ltd and INRound Innovations CJV Trillys Systems Inc  BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. Inquiries regarding this RFP are to be submitted to the contracting officer listed below: File Number: 1000301341 Contracting Officer: Greg Gauthier Email: mailto:EMAIL_TAG  
37877.txt	INFORMATICS PROFESSIONAL SERVICES Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Suppliers on permanent list or able to meet qualification requirements Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Requirement This requirement is for: Department of National Defence This requirement is open only to those Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under Tier 2 stream for IM/IT Services, Business Services and Project Management Services in the Quebec Region. This requirement is open only to those TBIPS Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under the categories for: B.13 Operations Support Specialist P.9 Project Manager A.1 Applications/Software Architect A.7 Programmer/Analyst I.2 Database Administrator B.1 Business Analyst I.7 Platform Analyst I.8 Storage Architect The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal: 1539541 Ontario Inc (o/a NetPulse Services) 529040 Ontario Inc and 880382 Ontario Inc (o/a GSI International Consulting Group) 802732 Ontario Inc. (o/a TAG HR - The Associates Group Human Resources) ADGA Group Consultants Inc. ADRM Technology Consulting Group Corp (o/a ADRMTEC) ADRM Technology Consulting Group Corp. And Randstad Interim Inc in JV (o/a Saphire Canada)- Aerotek ULC o/a TEKsystems Canada Altis Human Resources (Ottawa) Inc. and Excel Human Resources Inc., in Joint Venture Ant & Bee Corporation CAE Professional Services (Canada) Inc. Calian Ltd. CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc. (CGI) Cistel Technology Inc. Cistel Technology Inc., TECSIS Corporation in Joint Venture Computer Sciences Canada Inc./Les sciences de l'informatique Canada Inc. Conseillers en Informatique d'affaires C I A inc. CORADIX Technology Consulting Ltd. CSI Consulting Inc, FoxWise Technologies Inc.,DWP Solutions Inc., Innovision Consulting Inc. IN JOINT VENTURE Dalian Enterprises and Coradix Technology Consulting, in Joint Venture Deloitte Inc. Donna Cona Inc. DONNA CONA INC., IBM CANADA LIMITED IN JOINT VENTURE Eagle Professional Resources Inc. EMERION Excel Human Resources Inc. Fujitsu Consulting (Canada) Inc. Hewlett-Packard (Canada) Co. I4C Information Technology Consulting Inc. IBISKA Telecom Inc. And C M Inc., as a contractual Joint Venture IBM Canada Ltd. Intelligent Technology Solutions Inc. o/a ITS JV It/Net Ottawa Inc. Manpower Services Canada Limitd o/a Experis/Manpower Group Maplesoft Consulting Inc. Michael Wager Consulting Inc. (o/a MWCO) Modis Canada Inc. Nisha Technologies Inc. Nisha Technologies Inc., Contract Community Inc., in Joint Venture OSI Consulting Procom Consultants Group Ltd ProVision IT Resources Randstad Interim Inc. S.I. Systems Ltd. Sierra Systems Group Inc. Systemscope Inc., LNW Consulting Inc., Perfortics Consulting Inc., VK Computer Systems Inc., Lansdowne Technology Services Inc., in Joint Venture Systematix Solutions IT Inc. Telus Communications Inc. The Bell Telephone Company of Canada or Bell Canada TPG Technology Consulting Ltd. TPG Technology Consulting Ltd. and InRound Innovations CJV TRM Technologies Inc. Turtle Technologies Inc. Unisys Canada Inc. Valcom Consulting Group Inc. Description of the requirement: The Department of National Defence (DND) requires informatics professional services, to be provided on an "as-and-when-requested" basis in Montréal, Valcartier, St-Jean-sur Richelieu and Bagotville. Proposed period of contract: The proposed period of contract shall be from date of Contract for a period of two years, with Canada retaining an irrevocable ption to extend the contract for up to two (2) additional periods of one year each. File Number: W6369-10P5AR/B Contracting Authority: Line Desjardins Phone Number: 819-956-0300 E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG NOTE: Task-Based Informatics Professional Services (TBIPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on an annual basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Desjardins, Line 11 Laurier St., / 11, rue Laurier 3C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39137.txt	SIGA Email Campaign System The competition detail and documents are currently available at https://URL_TAG12bf This Request for Proposal seeks to procure a Canadian web-based Email Campaign system capable of delivery of mass emails, campaign management, reviewing statistics and responding to patron requests for marketing promotional offers and general communication to our customer database. The successful proponent shall provide the application setup, data conversion, end-user and support staff training and application maintenance, support services for SIGA Casino and Central Office Marketing. Flora Chen 
39199.txt	Senior Data Analyst AIMCo is a crown corporation established on January 1, 2008 and whose sole shareholder is the Province of Alberta. AIMCo was incorporated for the purpose of providing investment management services to certain public sector entities designated by the Minister of Finance and Enterprise for the Province of Alberta. AIMCo is a one of Canada's largest institutional investment managers and is responsible for the management of assets with a value of approximately $68 billion.  AIMCo is executing a number of system related projects including the implementation of a new portfolio accounting system from SimCorp A/S – SimCorp Dimension® ("SCD"), upgrades to Eagle PACE™ ("PACE") from Eagle Investment Systems LLC, a new information bus solution based on TIBCO ActiveMatrix Business Works™ from TIBCO Software, Inc. ("ESB"), and is also integrating peripheral systems for trading (Charles River and Calypso applications), real estate management, risk and performance. AIMCo is executing a number of system related projects as described above (the "Project"). When completed, the Project will contribute to a broader process of integrating people, process and technology in effective ways in order to transform the organization to a future state model which meets global standards for cost effectiveness, data integrity, strength of internal controls, and service levels. The accuracy and integrity of AIMCo's data is fundamental to its core objectives. Data must be consistent, certified and able to be reconciled. Accurate data informs accurate analysis and facilitates sound business decisions. Data quality is a vital component of AIMCo's success. AIMCo is seeking services under this RFP in support of the Project. AIMCo anticipates the successful Vendor to provide the following resources: One (1) Senior Data Analyst n a time and materials basis to deliver the Services described in this RFP. The Resource supplied by the successful Vendor will be expected to collaborate with resources from SimCorp, Eagle, Charles River, other consultants and AIMCo, which will include project managers, developers, business analysts and subject matter experts. URL_TAG 
31420.txt	CSA Research, Technology & Management Request For Standing Offer Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: The Canadian Space Agency (CSA) conducts research, development and commercialization work in a range of areas related to space. In managing its activities, there are occasions when additional services are required to provide specialized skills needed for a particular task that lies outside the Agency's resources. In turn, the CSA needs to establish a list of qualified resources to provide expert advice and assistance at the technical, scientific, program and commercialization levels. The type of resources required are divided into areas of expertise to better fulfill the need of the CSA. The following labour categories form part of the Request for Standing Offer (RFSO). Please refer to Annex A - Requirement containted in the RFSO for additional details. 1A) Space Systems Definition, Development and Review 1B) Space Systems Assembly, Integration and Test 1C) Space Systems Engineering Policies, Procedures and Practices 2A) SATCOM & Navigation 2B) RF and Microwave Subsystems 2C) MMIC 2D) Antennas 2E) SAR Mission Development Expert 3A) Structure 3B) Micro - Nano Systems  3C) Materials  3D) Thermal  4A) Software Development  4B) Spacecraft Software Simulation  5A) Digital Electronics Design  5B) Power Electronics 5C) Control Electronics  5D) EMC-EMI-ESD  5E) Optics/Electro - Optics/Laser 5F) Electronics Technician 6A) Transfer Payment Program Management Support  6B) Socio Economic Studies  6C) Technology Requirements and Planning 7A) Expert EO Applications and Utilization Support  7B) Expert Scientific Support  The resulting National Individual Standing Offer (NISO) period will be for a period of two (2) years from date of award and will a include an option to extend the Standing Offer by three (3) additional one (1) year periods. The total estimated utilisation of the Standing Offers resulting from this solicitiation is $2,000,000 (GST included) per year. This requirement is limited to Canadian services. Ownership of Intellectual property will be identified in each individual Call-up. There is a security requirement associated with the requirement f the Standing Offer. Proposals will be evaluated against mandatory technical and financial criteria.   Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Thorsley, Mark 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 11C1, Place du Portage Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31425.txt	Enterprise Information Intelligence Software Solution Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: BID SOLICITATION FOR AN ENTERPRISE INFORMATION INTELLIGENCE SOFTWARE SOLUTION (EIISS) File Number: W8474-09EH29/C Contracting Officer: Denise Jalbert Department: Public Works and Govenment Services Canada Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG NATURE OF REQUIREMENT Canada has a requirement to satisfy the requirement of various departments for Enterprise Information Intelligence Software Solution to extract business intelligence insight, knowledge and information from various designated and classified databases and from other structured and unstructured information sources. The Enterprise Information Intelligence Software Solution will provide access to integrated financial, human resources, material, equipment and operational information and intelligence so that various levels of management share a common view of performance and readiness information for purposes of analysis, reporting and decision support in order to achieve departmental goals and meet government reporting requirements. It is intended to result in the award of a contract for one year, plus seven one-year irrevocable option(s) allowing Canada to extend the term of the contract. Any resulting contract may be used by any Government Department, Departmental Corporation r Agency, or other body of the Government of Canada (including all those described in the Financial Administration Act, as amended from time to time) or any other party for which the Department of Public Works and Government Services has been authorized to act from time to time under section 16 of the Department of Public Works and Government Services Act (each a "Client"). Although Canada may make the Enterprise Information Intelligence Software Solution available to any or all the Clients, this bid solicitation does not preclude Canada from using another method of supply for entities of the Government of Canada with the same or similar needs. The deliverables for the initial Client under this bid solicitation will include licenses to use the Licensed Software for an initial number of Users at the Department of National Defence and Canadian Forces (DND/CF) (the initial Client) with an option to increase up to an Entity License for DND/CF, a ne-year Warranty, Maintenance and Support Services for Licensed Software, Software Documentation, training and other professional services for DND/CF. Professional services under the resulting Contract are to be provided on an "as and when requested basis" through the use of Task Authorizations and are for the initial Client only. If Canada requires professional services for other departments, crown corporations and agencies and other entities who become users of the Enterprise Information Intelligence Software Solution procured under the resulting Contract, such Professional Services will be performed by Canada's own resources or be procured outside of this contract in accordance with Canada's contracting policies. The documents are available through the Government Electronic Tendering System provided by MERX. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Jalbert, Denise 4C1, Place du Portage Phase III 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31171.txt	Portal and Corporate IT Support Services; and Corporate Services System Applications PLEASE NOTE THAT PART 2 IS ONLY FOR THE CORPORATE SERVICES SYSTEM APPLICATION. ALL RELATING DOCUMENTS HAVE BEEN UPLOADED. THE ORIGINAL RFP HAS ALSO BEEN POSTED FOR CONTEXT. ALL DOCUMENTATIONS ARE AVAILABLE ON CPACC'S WEBSITE. The Partnership invites vendors (the "Proponents"), either independently or together with sub-vendors, to submit their proposals demonstrating their capacity and interest to deliver the following services: Prior to March 31, 2012 1.) Recommend an integrated corporate services system solution for finance, project management, procurement and HR functions based on the information outlined in Schedule C. Install and configure the software as outlined in Schedule B and fully implement the solution including training. Implement a data and configuration migration plan to transition from the Partnership's current environments to the new proposed environment before April 1, 2012. Electronic copies can be downloaded at: URL_TAG Submissions are due on Monday , November 21, 2011 at 4:00 p.m. EDT 
39106.txt	Notice of Proposed Procurement (NPP) 2406212191 This requirement is for the department of: Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat This requirement is for: Work Stream 3 - for the services of four (4) IT Security Vulnerability Assessment (VA) Specialists - Senior This requirement is open only to the following companies: 2Keys Corporation  Accenture  AEPOS Technologies Corporation  Bell Canada  CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc.  Cistel Technology Inc.  Computer Sciences Canada Inc.  Cygnos Corporation  Dessau Inc.  DWP Solutions Inc.  Entrust Limited  General Dynamics Canada Ltd.  Helms Deep  I4C Consulting Inc.  IBISKA Telecom Inc.  IPSS Inc.  IT/NET  NRNS  Phirelight E-Business Solutions Inc.  Solana Networks  Sphyrna  Team Belham SOMOS CCI  Team CDMS  Team CSI WS3 JV  Team Deloitte - EWA  Team Elytra-IBISKA JV  Team INSA  Team PriceWaterhouseCoopers/Excel  Team Raven IT Security  Team S.i. Systems  Team Titus International  Team TK (TPG Technology Consulting Ltd., Komokoa Corporation)  Telus  TPG  TRM Technologies Inc.  Veritaaq  Request For Proposal (RFP) documents will be e-mailed or faxed directly, from the contracting officer, to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement. BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS. Inquiries regarding this RFP requirement are to be submitted to the contracting officer listed below: File Number: 2406212191  Contracting Officer: Darlene Fisher  Phone Number: 613-946-4078  Fax Number: 613-947-5174  Email: EMAIL_TAG 
37120.txt	Pre-Notice for the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care for a Business Intelligence/Data Warehouse  Pre-Notice for the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care Pre-Notice for the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care for a Business Intelligence/Data Warehouse Solution. Notice Description The Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care (MOHLTC) is planning to conduct an open, competitive procurement process to select a vendor for the provision of services to support the MOHLTC's initiative for a Business Intelligence/Data Warehouse (BI/DW) solution outside the Panorama system. The Panorama system is a comprehensive integrated system (developed by IBM in consultation with public health professionals across Canada) to help public health professionals across Ontario efficiently manage cases and outbreaks of infectious diseases, immunizations, and inventories for vaccines, drug and medical supplies. The BI/DW solution will address the sophisticated reporting and analytics capabilities needed by Ontario as an additional application utside of the Panorama system. The vendor will be accountable for the review, validation of requirements, design, build, testing, delivery and implementation of the BI/DW application of the Ontario Panorama solution for: Phase 1 - Immunization and Inventory Management Implement the components of BI/DW for Immunization and Inventory data. Phase 2 – Investigations and Outbreak Management Implement the components of BI/DW to enhance use of investigations and outbreak data The vendor should leverage the existing BI/DW solution, including: Leverage and scale–up existing hardware Leverage and upgrade existing software (RDBMS Oracle, BI Cognos, ETL Informatica etc) Leverage where possible existing database structure, ETL processes and BI models The vendor will be responsible for creating the architecture artefacts, adhering to Ontario Public Service (OPS) guidelines and methodology, in preparation for the OPS architecture checkpoint reviews for each of Phase 1 and Phase 2. The vendor project team will work closely with MOHLTC (i.e. Health Services I&IT Cluster, Public Health Division and Ontario Government Pharmacy and Medical Supply Service), Public Health Ontario, Public Health Units, and the Panorama project team throughout the entire life cycle, with MOHLTC's project team overseeing the vendor's team and project structure at the project management and project lead levels, wherever appropriate. Proponents may consist of one firm, or a consortium of firms represented by a prime vendor. The Ministry anticipates that a Request for Proposal (RFP) for these services will be issued in mid-January 2012. If issued, the RFP will be posted on MERX. Interested proponents are encouraged to monitor the MERX website for additional information relating to this proposed procurement. This notice does not constitute a binding commitment on the part of the MOHLTC to issue any RFP, and the statements and representation contained in this notice are not binding on the MOHLTC. The contents of any final RFP may vary from the high-level description of services and deliverables provided in this notice.  Résumé en français Préavisdu ministère de la Santé et des Soins de longue durée Préavisdu ministère de la Santé et des Soins de longue duréeconcernant une solution de veille stratégique/entrepôt de données. Description de l'avis Le ministère de la Santé et des Soins de longue durée (MSSLD) prévoit mettre en action un processus d'approvisionnement concurrentiel ouvert afin de choisir un fournisseurde services soutenant le projet du MSSLDde solution de veille stratégique/entrepôt de données (BI/DW) externe au système Panorama. Le système Panorama est un système intégré complet (conçu par IBM en collaboration avec des professionnels de la santé publique de partout au Canada)destiné à aider les professionnels de la santé publique de l'Ontario à gérer efficacement les cas et les éclosions de maladies infectieuses, les vaccinations ainsi que les stocks de vaccins, de médicaments et de fournitures médicales. La solution BI/DWrépondra aux capacités évoluées en matière de rapports et d'analyses dont aura besoin l'Ontario, à titre d'application externe au système Panorama. Le fournisseur sera chargé de la révision, de la validation des critères, de la conception, de la composition, des tests, de la livraison et de la mise en oeuvre de l'application BI/DW dans le cadre du projet Panorama de l'Ontario pour : Phase 1 –vaccination et gestion des stocks Mise en oeuvre de la solution BI/DW en ce qui a trait aux données de vaccination et d'inventaire. Phase 2 – Explorations et gestion des éclosions Mise en oeuvre de la solution BI/DW visant à améliorer l'utilisation des données sur les explorations et les éclosions Le fournisseur doit tirer parti de la solution BI/DW actuelle, notamment : Usage pertinent et mise à niveau du matériel actuel Usage pertinent et mise à niveau du logiciel actuel (RDBMS Oracle, BI Cognos, ETL Informatica, etc.) Usage pertinent, le cas échéant, des bases de données actuelles, des processus ETL et des modèlesde veille stratégique Le fournisseur sera responsable de définir l'architecture etde suivre les lignes directrices et la méthodologie de la fonction publique de l'Ontario (FPO) en préparation aux révisions des points de contrôle de l'architecture de la FPO de la Phase 1 et de la Phase 2. L'équipe du fournisseur chargée du projet devra travailler en étroite collaboration avec le MSSLD (c.-à-d.le groupement ITI pour les services de santé, la Division de la santé publique et le Service d'approvisionnement médicopharmaceutique du gouvernement de l'Ontario), Santé publique Ontario, les bureaux de santé publique et l'équipe du projet Panorama tout au long du projet, l'équipe du MSSLD chargée du projet supervisant l'équipe du fournisseur et la structure, la gestion et la direction du projet, le cas échéant. Les promoteurs du projet peuvent être une firme ou un ensemble de firmes représentées par un fournisseur principal. Le ministère prévoit diffuser uneDemande de propositions (DP) pour ces services à la mi-janvier 2012. Le cas échéant, la DPsera affichée dans MERX. Les promoteurs de projet intéressés sont encouragés à surveiller le site Web MERX pour obtenir de plus amples renseignements sur cette offre d'approvisionnement. À la suite du présent avis, le MSSLD n'est aucunement tenu de diffuser d'autres DP, et lesénoncés et la représentation figurant dans le présent avis ne lient en aucun cas le MSSLD. Le contenude la DP finale peut différer de la description des services et livrables donnée dans le présent avis. 
31213.txt	Opportunity Description: Delivery Required 2011-11-03 This tender call is limited to the companies that have been previously qualified under the terms and conditions of the Informatics Professional Services Qualified List. Only the companies that have been qualified under the New Brunswick Informatics Professional Services Qualified List at the time of this notice are eligible to respond to this tender call. Please note that vendors are only able to respond for categories/levels in which they have been approved. This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must btain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. RETURN TO: CENTRAL TENDERING BRANCH P.O. Box 8000 Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Marysville Place Room Number 205, 20 McGloin Street Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG Public opening of bids will take place on closing day at 14:00 Atlantic Time, in Marysville Place, Room 205, 20 McGloin Street, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG. All bids must be stated in Canadian Funds. All tenders must be F.O.B. destination, freight prepaid. Sales taxes should not be included in the unit, extended or total prices. This Invitation is being conducted under the provisions of the Public Purchasing Act and Regulation as of the date of the issuance of the Invitation. Bidders may obtain a copy of the Act and Regulation from The Queen's Printer, Province of N.B., P.O. Box 6000, Fredericton, N.B. E3B 5H1 The Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms & Conditions for Goods and Services apply to this procurement and are considered to be incorporated into this document. By submitting a bid, you agree and accept these terms and conditions. Current "Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions" are available on the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, the Council of Atlantic Premiers' Website or from an authorized service provider. A bidder must obtain official bid documents from a distribution service, authorized by the Minister of Supply and Services, in order to submit a bid. The current authorized distribution services are the New Brunswick Opportunities Network (NBON) (operated by the Department of Supply and Services, Province of NB), BIDS (operated by Tendering Publications Ltd.) and MERX (operated by Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Failure to submit the official bid documents or provide proof that the official bid documents were properly obtained will result in rejection of the bid. In order to facilitate the evaluation process, Bidders are requested to respond in the same format as the official bid documents. For procurements which are not subject to the provisions of one or more of the interprovincial procurement agreements, the Province of New Brunswick reserves the right to apply Provincial or regional Preferences, consider local content in the evaluation of bids and/or refuse to consider bids from vendors from other jurisdictions when it is considered to be in the best interests of the Province. When determining the use of these conditions, the Province will consider, among other factors, the extent to which New Brunswick vendors have access to equivalent procurement pportunities in those jurisdictions and the treatment accorded by those jurisdictions to bids from New Brunswick vendors. The Province will be the sole judge of whether these conditions will be used and the extent to which they will be applied. All discounts quoted will be considered to be without limitations. Payment of invoices is the responsibility of the department or rganization to whom the goods are shipped or services are supplied. Award of contracts: no contract shall be awarded and no payment shall be made to a vendor unless authorized by the Minister or his delegates. The Minister may make an award to the preferred vendor conditional on the negotiation and acceptance of a detailed contract between the Province and the vendor. In such cases, should the detailed contract negotiations not be completed in a reasonable period of time, the Province reserves the right to discontinue negotiations with the vendor and subsequently enter into negotiations with the second preferred vendor. No right or duty, in whole or in part, of the vendor under a contract issued may be assigned or delegated without the prior consent of the Central Purchasing Branch. Unless the Central Purchasing Branch has determined otherwise prior to tender closing, all prices must be extended and totalled. Direct Deposit The province of New Brunswick is now using Direct Deposit as the standard method of government payments. Suppliers are required to provide bank account information (and email address if available) for remittance. Please send the completed Direct Deposit Form to the New Brunswick Internal Services Agency as indicated on the form. Item #: 1 Commodity No.: D302A Quantity: 1 Each The purpose of the Statement of Work is to fill a position for a Senior Business Analyst, Level 2 (SSA2). The resource is to be chosen from the Informatics Professional Services Contracts. For this Statement of Work, the following projects are in scope: Project 3 - Development of Training Modules Project 4 - Training Modules and Trials In parallel to Project 3 and 4 - Case Management System As per terms and conditions of the Statement of Work document available as part of this proposal call. No totals required. This procurement is not subject to the provisions of interprovincial procurement agreements. Vendors are advised to read the Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions for Goods and Services Invitations carefully before submitting a bid. AUTOMATED INFORMATION SYSTEM DESIGN AND INTEGRATION SERVICES ADP SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT SERVICES     Livraison requise 2011-11-03 This tender call is limited to the companies that have been previously qualified under the terms and conditions of the Informatics Professional Services Qualified List. Only the companies that have been qualified under the New Brunswick Informatics Professional Services Qualified List at the time of this notice are eligible to respond to this tender call. Please note that vendors are only able to respond for categories/levels in which they have been approved. La présente est un avis d'appel d'offres seulement. Afin de présenter une soumission, vous devez obtenir les documents de soumission officiels en vous adressant au Réseau de possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick, à un service de distribution autorisé ou à une autre source telle qu'indiquée dans l'avis d'appel d'offres. RETOURNER À : SECTION CENTRALE DES APPELS D'OFFRES C.P. 8000 Fredericton (N.-B.) POSTALCODE_TAG Place Marysville 20, rue McGloin, Bureau 205, Fredericton (N.-B.) POSTALCODE_TAG Téléc. PHONENUMBER_TAG L'ouverture publique des soumissions se fera la journée de fermeture à14 h, heure de l'Atlantique, Place Marysville, 20, rue McGloin, Bureau 205, Fredericton, (N.-B.) POSTALCODE_TAG. Toutes les soumissions doivent être indiqué en dollars canadiens. Présenter toutes les soumissions F.À.B. destination, port payé. Les taxes de vente ne devraient pas être incluses dans les prix unitaires, additionnés ou totaux. Le présent appel d'offres est tenu en vertu des dispositions de la Loi sur les achats public et de ses règlements d'application à compter de la date de lancement de l'appel d'offres. Les soumissionnaires peuvent obtenir une copie de la Loi et ses règlements auprès de l'Imprimeur de la Reine, province du Nouveau Brunswick, C.P. 6000, Fredericton (N. B.) POSTALCODE_TAG. Les Conditions générales normalisées des provinces de l'Atlantique pour les marchés de biens et services s'appliquent à cet achat et sont réputées faire partie du présent document. En présentant une offre, vous approuvez et acceptez ces conditions générales. Vous pouvez obtenir les « Conditions générales normalisées des provinces de l'Atlantique » courantes par le biais du Réseau de possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick, le site Web du Conseil des premiers ministres de l'Atlantique ou par l'entremise d'un fournisseur de services autorisé. Le soumissionnaire doit obtenir les documents de soumission officiels d'un service de distribution autorisé par le ministre de l'Approvisionnement et des Services afin de pouvoir présenter sa soumission. Ces services de distribution autorisés sont :le Réseau des possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick (RPANB) (offert par le ministère de l'Approvisionnement et des Services du Nouveau Brunswick), BIDS (offert par Tendering Publications Ltée) et MERX (offert par Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Pour qu'une soumission soit acceptée, il faut qu'elle soit présentée sur des formules officielles ou que l'on puisse montrer que les formules ont été obtenues de façon dûment autorisée. Dans le but de faciliter le processus d'évaluation, on demande aux soumissionnaires de répondre selon le même format que celui du document de soumission officiel. Pour les approvisionnements qui ne sont pas assujettis aux dispositions de l'un ou l'autre des accords commerciaux entre provinces, la province du Nouveau Brunswick se réserve le droit d'appliquer des préférences provinciales ou régionales, de considérer le contenu local dans l'évaluation des soumissions ou encore de refuser de considérer les soumissions présentées par les vendeurs d'autres territoires lorsque l'on considère que c'est au mieux des intérêts de la Province. En déterminant le recours à ces conditions, la Province tiendra compte, entre autres facteurs, de la capacité des vendeurs du Nouveau Brunswick d'avoir accès aux possibilités de marchés publics équivalents dans d'autres territoires et du traitement accordé par ces territoires aux soumissions présentées par les vendeurs du Nouveau Brunswick. La Province est la seule à pouvoir déterminer si ces conditions sont appliquées et jusqu'à quel point. Tous les rabais indiqués dans la soumission seront considérés être sans restriction. Le paiement des factures est la responsabilité du Ministère ou l'organisation à qui les biens ont été envoyés ou les services fournis. Adjudication des contrats : aucun contrat ne doit être accordé ni aucun paiement versé à un vendeur à moins d'avoir été autorisé par le Ministre u les personnes désignées par lui. Le Ministre peut accorder un contrat à un vendeur privilégié à condition qu'un contrat détaillé ait été négocié et accepté entre la Province et le vendeur. Dans ce cas, si les négociations du contrat détaillé ne sont pas terminées dans un délai raisonnable, la Province se réserve le droit d'interrompre les négociations avec le vendeur et d'entreprendre par la suite des négociations avec le vendeur privilégié suivant. Aucun droit ni obligation, en totalité ou en partie, du vendeur en vertu du contrat accordé ne peut être attribué ou délégué sans le consentement écrit préalable de la Direction centrale des achats. À moins d'un avis contraire de la Centrale des achats avant la fin de l'appel d'offres, tous les prix doivent être calculés et totalisés. Dépôt direct La province du Nouveau-Brunswick utilise maintenant le dépôt direct comme méthode de paiement pour le gouvernement. Les fournisseurs doivent fournir l'information sur leur compte bancaire (et adresse de courriel si possible) pour obtenir leur paiement. Veuillez envoyer le formulaire dûment rempli Formulaire pour le virement direct de fonds à l'Agence des services internes du Nouveau-Brunswick comme il est indiqué à la formulaire. Nº d'article: 1 Ndegrees de la marchandise: D302A Quantity: 1 Chacun The purpose of the Statement of Work is to fill a position for a Senior Business Analyst, Level 2 (SSA2). The resource is to be chosen from the Informatics Professional Services Contracts. For this Statement of Work, the following projects are in scope: Project 3 - Development of Training Modules Project 4 - Training Modules and Trials In parallel to Project 3 and 4 - Case Management System As per terms and conditions of the Statement of Work document available as part of this proposal call. Aucun total exigé. Le présent marché n'est pas assujetti aux accords interprovinciaux sur les marchés publics. Les fournisseurs sont priés de lire attentivement le document portant sur les conditions générales normalisées des provinces de l'Atlantique pour les marchés de biens et services avant de faire une soumission. SERVICES D'INTEGRATION ET DE CONCEPTION DE SYSTEMES DE DONNEES INFORMATISEES SERVICES D'ELABORATION DE SYSTEMES DE TAI     Administrative address is Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton, New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Delivery Address is Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton, New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG     L'adresse administrative est Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton, Nouveau-Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG L'adresse de livrraison est Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton, Nouveau-Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG
