35511.txt	P6325 Target Audience Research Addendum 1 - December 9/11 Edmonton Public Schools is seeking external expertise to undertake a Target Audience Research project as per the attached specifications. URL_TAG 
35451.txt	Opportunity Description: An Improvement District (ID) is formed by the Lieutenant Governor in Council as recommended by the Minister of Municipal Affairs and the responsibilities of the Improvement District Council (ID Council) are set out in Municipal Government Act RSA 2000c. M -38 (MGA) - Part 15 and as delegated to the ID's council by Ministerial Order No. L:144/01 (attached).   An important function of an ID is the taxation and assessment process. The collection of taxes is of primary importance to the province as it is through the property taxation that funds are collected for the cost of administering the ID.   Improvement District No. 9 is located within the Banff National Park and this requires regular contact with Parks Canada concerning the delivery of municipal services and the application and coordination of grant funding for the ID. Often there is overlap in service responsibility and it is imperative that a smooth working relationship be maintained.   The ID requires the services of an "Improvement District Administrator" as set out in Appendix B to this RFP. The successful Proponent will be working out of its own office and will be responsible for the overall management of the ID.   The Improvement District Administrator/Contractor will report directly to the Director of the Province's Capacity Building Unit, Municipal Services Branch. The monthly reports may be in an email format, as well copies of the draft and approved minutes must be sent to the Province. 
29512.txt	Janitorial Services - Queen Charlotte Armoury, Charlottetown, P.E.I. Trade Agreement: NAFTA/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: W0105-12E038/A Donovan, Janine PWB Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Janitorial Services - Queen Charlotte Armoury, Charlottetown, P.E.I. Department of National Defence (DND) has a requirement for the furnishing of all labour and supervision required to provide janitorial services for routine cleaning at the Queen Charlotte Armoury located in Charlottetown, P.E.I. All work is to be completed in accordance with the Specification Number L-C135-0301/21 forming part of the bid document. The Service Contract is from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013, with options to renew for two additional one year periods. The estimated cost (based on the Contract plus the two option years) for this opportunity is within the following cost category: Less than $100,000 (HST extra). Bid security is not a requirement for this tender. Enquiries: All inquiries are to be submitted in writing to the contractual Authority: Janine Donovan, telephone - PHONENUMBER_TAG, facsimile - (506) PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG Enquiries are to be made in accordance with the Bid Solicitation Document, Part 2- Bidder's Instructions, Article 3. Enquiries - Bid Solicitation. Firms intending to submit tenders on this project should obtain tender documents through the MERX services provider. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the MERX provider. Firms that elect to base their bids on tender documents obtained from ther sources do so at their own risk and will be solely responsible to inform the tender calling authority of their intention to bid. Standard terms and conditions for this procurement are incorporated by reference, and form part of the tender and contract documents. The standard documents are issued by Public Works and Government Services and may be viewed on the MERX electronic bulletin board as part of the information module. Firms intending to submit tenders on this project should obtain tender documents through the MERX service provider. This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Donovan, Janine PWB 189 Prince William Street Room 421 Saint John New Bruns POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29284.txt	Replace Cooling System - NB DSS, Central Tendering, Construction Marysville Place, Room 205 20 McGloin Street Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Addendum   Desc: 1 to date Date: Oct 25, 2011 * End Addendum * Replace Cooling System Sackville Memorial Hospital Sackville, NB Address all inquiries to: MCW Maricor 77 Vaughan Harvey Boulevard Suite 200 Moncton, NB POSTALCODE_TAG Tel: 506-857-8880 Fax: 506-859-8393 Attn: David McAllister, P.Eng. Contact for pre tender site visit: R.H. (Rolly) McIntosh, P. Eng. 135 MacBeath Avenue Moncton, NB POSTALCODE_TAG Tel: 506-857-5604 Fax: 506-857-5601 This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. To obtain tender documents, Contact: Receptionist Room 205, Marysville Place 20 McGloin Street P.O. Box 6000 Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG New Brunswick tenders are subject to the terms and conditions of Interprovincial  agreements relating to procurement. Division02-Existing Conditions Division05-Metals Division03-Concrete Division21-Fire Suppression Division22-Plumbing Division23-Heating, Ventilating, and Air Conditioning Division25-Integrated Automation Division26-Electrical Tabitha Lee DSS, Central Tendering, Construction Marysville Place, Room 205 20 McGloin Street Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
37331.txt	Feasibility study on setting up a medical service for military families at Valcartier. Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Title: Feasibility study on setting up a medical service for military families at Valcartier. Objectives: The consultant will realize a feasibility study on setting up a medical service for military families at Valcartier. This medical service aim the civil spouses and children of military members. Tasks: 1. Research the main medical services currently offered to military families in Canada, or to civilians in Canada by similar organizations, and provide a description of how they are run, their budgets (if available), where they recruited their health-care professionals, and legal compliance requirements; 2. Select at least three scenarios that would be possible for Valcartier and analyze the feasibility of implementing them at Valcartier. Each analysis must include costs, legal constraints, infrastructure required, recruitment, etc.; 3. Write a detailed report on the results of the research and include recommendations for setting up a medical service for military families at Valcartier. Work location: The work must be performed at the consultant's workplace. The meetings will be held at the Valcartier Family Centre or by videoconference, except for the project launch meeting, which must be held in person at the VFC. Client: The National Defense department through the Valcartier Family Centre (VFC), a not-for-profit community organization that, in conjunction with the Canadian Forces Base (CFB) Valcartier authorities, offers support to families in the military community by means of services and programs adapted to their needs. Period of contract: The period of the Contract is from date of Contract to March 30, 2012. Delivery dates: The project launch meeting must be held no later than five (5) days after contract award; The preliminary report must be received on or before March 2, 2012; The final report must be received on or before March 23, 2012. Maximum Funding: The maximum funding available for the contract resulting from the bid solicitation is $45 000.00 CAD (Goods and Services Tax r the Harmonized Sales Tax extra, as appropriate). Language capability Verbal and written discussions must be in French. Written documents must be delivered in both French and English. Security requirement: There is no security requirement associated with this requirement. Canadian Content Certification: The requirement is limited to Canadian services. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Gallant, Julie 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37347.txt	Request for Proposal to Evaluate Saint John Pilot - NB As per the attached document. This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. RETURN TO: CENTRAL TENDERING BRANCH P.O. Box 8000  Fredericton, N.B.  POSTALCODE_TAG  Marysville Place Room Number 205, 20 McGloin Street Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Public opening of bids will take place on closing day at 14:00 Atlantic Time, in  Marysville Place, Room 205, 20 McGloin Street, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG. All bids must be stated in Canadian Funds. All tenders must be F.O.B. destination, freight prepaid. Sales taxes should not be included in the unit, extended or total prices. This Invitation is being conducted under the provisions of the Public Purchasing  Act and Regulation as of the date of the issuance of the Invitation. Bidders may  btain a copy of the Act and Regulation from The Queen's Printer, Province of  N.B., P.O. Box 6000, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG The Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms & Conditions for Goods and Services apply  to this procurement and are considered to be incorporated into this document. By  submitting a bid, you agree and accept these terms and conditions. Current "Atlantic  Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions" are available on the New Brunswick  Opportunities Network, the Council of Atlantic Premiers' Website or from an authorized  service provider. A bidder must obtain official bid documents from a distribution service, authorized  by the Minister of Supply and Services, in order to submit a bid. The current  authorized distribution services are the New Brunswick Opportunities Network  (NBON) (operated by the Department of Supply and Services, Province of NB),  BIDS (operated by Tendering Publications Ltd.) and MERX (operated by  Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Failure to submit the official bid documents  r provide proof that the official bid documents were properly obtained will result in  rejection of the bid. In order to facilitate the evaluation process, Bidders are  requested to respond in the same format as the official bid documents. For procurements which are not subject to the provisions of one or more of the  interprovincial procurement agreements, the Province of New Brunswick reserves  the right to apply Provincial or regional Preferences, consider local content in  the evaluation of bids and/or refuse to consider bids from vendors from other  jurisdictions when it is considered to be in the best interests of the Province.  When determining the use of these conditions, the Province will consider, among  ther factors, the extent to which New Brunswick vendors have access to equivalent procurement  pportunities in those jurisdictions and the treatment accorded by those jurisdictions  to bids from New Brunswick vendors. The Province will be the sole judge of whether  these conditions will be used and the extent to which they will be applied. All discounts quoted will be considered to be without limitations. Payment of invoices is the responsibility of the department or organization to  whom the goods are shipped or services are supplied. Award of contracts: no contract shall be awarded and no payment shall be made to  a vendor unless authorized by the Minister or his delegates. The Minister may  make an award to the preferred vendor conditional on the negotiation and acceptance  f a detailed contract between the Province and the vendor. In such cases, should  the detailed contract negotiations not be completed in a reasonable period of  time, the Province reserves the right to discontinue negotiations with the vendor  and subsequently enter into negotiations with the second preferred vendor. No right or duty, in whole or in part, of the vendor under a contract issued may  be assigned or delegated without the prior consent of the Central Purchasing Branch. Unless the Central Purchasing Branch has determined otherwise prior to tender  closing, all prices must be extended and totalled. Direct Deposit The province of New Brunswick is now using Direct Deposit as the standard method of government payments. Suppliers are required to provide bank account  information (and email address if available) for remittance. Please send the completed Direct Deposit Form to the New Brunswick Internal  Services Agency as indicated on the form. 1: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 1 Organisation id : 2787180 Description :  The New Brunswick Department of Justice is requesting proposals for evaluation  services for the period of 2012-2013 in respect of the Saint John family law pilot.  As described in further detail in the attached RFP specification document. No totals required. This procurement is subject to the provisions of the Atlantic Procurement Agreement.  Vendors are advised to read the Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions  for Goods and Services Invitations carefully before submitting a bid. Megan Hasson As per the attached document. PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
35465.txt	A Security Camera System Upgrade The Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services is inviting prospective proponents to submit proposals for the provision of a security camera system upgrade.  The term of the agreement is to be for a period of one year with an option in favour of the Ministry to extend the agreement on the same terms and conditions for two additional terms of up to one year in each option.  It is anticipated that the agreement will be executed around February of 2012. The deliverables include additional new cameras, connection to existing cameras as well as a new image storage and retrieval system as part of the main upgrade. Additional deliverables include an additional camera upgrade, additional fibre optic connections, drawing and on-site support.  1. Issue Date: 11/30/2011 2. Site Meeting Date (If applicable): 12/07/2011  3. Bidder's / Proponent's Deadline for Questions: 12/12/2011  4. Deadline for Issuing Addenda: 12/14/2011 5. Tender / Proposal Submission Deadline: 12/21/2011  *The Solicitation timetable is tentative only and may be changed by the Ministry in its sole discretion at any time prior to the Proposal/Tender Submission Deadline. 
39253.txt	Breakwater Repairs, Little Grindstone Point, MB Work under this contract covers the following: .1 Repairs to the east rubble mound breakwater. 
38465.txt	TRANSFORMATION ALIGNMENT SERVICES Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Suppliers on permanent list or able to meet qualification requirements Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: NATURE OF REQUIREMENTS TASK-BASED INFORMATICS PROFESSIONAL SERVICES (TBIPS) REQUIREMENT Human Resources and Skills Development Canada (HRSDC) requires several resources to support its Transformation Alignment Services (TAS) for the Enabling Services Renewal Program. Eligibility to bid - This requirement is open to bidders who are: Valid Supply Arrangement (SA) Holders pursuant to the Request for Supply Arrangement (RFSA) Solicitation No. EN578-055605/D; and Tier 2 suppliers qualified for ALL the resource categories as listed below: i) I.5 IM Architect (Level 3); ii) I.11 Technology Architect (Level 3); iii) P.2 Enterprise Architect (quantity of 2) (Level 3); iv) B.7 Business Transformation Architect (quantity of 2) (Level 3); and v) B.6 Business System Analyst (Level 3). For more information regarding TBIPS resource categories, please check via: URL_TAG l It should be noted that the winning bidder of this solicitation G9088-110005/A, will be precluded from winning the Contract if, it is also the winning bidder of "P.5 Project Executive" under the solicitation G9088-110003/A, due to a conflict of interest. This solicitation intends to result in one winning bid. This solicitation will only be made available through MERX and all eligible bidders are invited to bid by downloading this solicitation from MERX. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Ward, Kristen Canadian Building 219 Laurier Ave. West, 13th Floor Room 13077 Ottawa Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35472.txt	The Supply of Digital Camera for All-Sky Meteor Detection The systems to be developed are digital CCD (charged-coupled device) cameras capable of all-sky (or near all-sky) imaging in a single frame. The purpose is to record bright meteors and record their angular speed from multiple stations - six cameras total are to be constructed to be deployed to six sites in Southern Ontario. The cameras will be exposed for 20 - 40 secs per image and each exposure will be downloaded to a local computer. Exposures will occur continuously throughout the hours of darkness.  A total of six cameras are required. Western intends to order one prototype and follow (within six months) with a second order for the remaining five cameras once the prototype has been proven. Please download the complete 33 page document and amendments for details. 
29870.txt	Replace Windows and Siding on Various JJ, YY, SS and GG Style Housing Units for CFHA Solicitation HALWA37 - 230282 has been cancelled. 
35473.txt	Diagnostic Imaging Repository Business Delivery Manager Mohawk Shared Services began in 1972 as a central laundry for hospitals in southern Ontario. Today, in addition to linen services, we also provide services in supply chain management and employee assistance counseling, as well as a diagnostic imaging repository (DI-r). Our vision is to excel as a shared services organization by delivering services that support health care and our communities. The growth of this organization can be attributed to our employees' knowledge, skill and commitment to providing our customers with the highest standards of quality service.  Mohawk Shared Services is currently recruiting a Business Delivery Manager for the DI-r business stream.  Reporting to the General Manager, Diagnostic Imaging Repository, you will be working with a dynamic team within the DI-r Division. This is a full time position with Mohawk Shared Services. The DI-r office is located on the Central Hamilton Mountain. Mohawk Shared Services is a HOOPP employer offering a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.  A key role in the DI-r Division within MSS is to work directly with hospital stakeholders within each site/ location to ensure optimum use and adoption of the DI-r. This role combines clinical expertise with customer service skills to build, develop and maintain client relationships with hospital stakeholders with all organizations integrated to the DI-r. This resource will assist sites with training and adoption of the DI-r with clinicians and other caregivers across the continuum of care.  The MSS DI-r division has stakeholders from across LHINs 3 & 4. This role will involve driving to the hospitals across the region to participate in face to face meetings, training events and presentations. The expectation is that while the successful applicant will have a desk in the DI-r office that a large portion of their time will be spent at stakeholder sites ensuring customer needs are being met.  Responsibilities:  Ongoing DI-r system and stakeholder support Support for DI-r issues that have been escalated to MSS by site or SWODIN.  Develop, document and maintain operational business processes to support the services provided by MSS and SWODIN to the organizations in LHIN 3 & 4. Develop a release management plan and work with SWODIN and clients to support the ongoing upgrades of both the local systems and DI-r. On-site support for stakeholder education, training and adoption: working with sites to schedule face to face meetings, workshops, presentations, open houses utilizing various tools defined in the communication plan (eLearning, quick cards, newsletters, media releases) Continuous development and ongoing support for elearning tools, including material development and individual site implementation and use Create a communication plan to ensure effective communication throughout organizations, stakeholders and team including updates to the MSSi web site and the creation of tools to support DI-r adoption.  Attendance at vendor presentations, workshops, exhibits and industry trade shows to support and gather new industry knowledge and new projects when applicable. Support for development and implementation of new division initiatives Knowledge:  Solid understanding of the process and procedures in Diagnostic Imaging departments Understanding of Diagnostic Imaging IT systems (HIS/RIS/PACS) MS Office suite, working knowledge Previous experience working on DI/IT integration projects Understanding of IT project management Skills:  Excellent Customer Service skills -Proven skills in working with all levels of stakeholders Strong relationship management skills (internal and external)  Experienced in resolving conflict, using initiative and participating in group decision making  Excellent interpersonal skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Problem solving skills and the ability to make effective decisions Excellent presentation skills  Excellent organizational skills  Self-motivated and able to work with very little supervision Able to work within a team and collaborate to achieve results Able to share knowledge with others; experience with training of adults on IT systems Have a proven record of managing difficult customer situations and able to demonstrate how they have responded promptly, appropriately and constructively to customer issues Qualifications:  Post-Secondary Education or equivalent work experience 5+ years' experience in a role in healthcare IT system support  Healthcare experience preferred Must be able to provide own transportation to customer sites Qualified candidates with a desire to join our innovative team are invited to submit their resume, in confidence to:  Diane Larwood, DI-r General Manager at EMAIL_TAG 
39139.txt	City of Edmonton Tender for highlands Branch Library This Tender is for Pre-Qualified Bidders ONLY. Subcontractors interested in obtaining Tender Documents including Plans and Specifications are to contact City of Edmonton, Materials Management, Plans Desk, 800 Chancery Hall, #3 Sir Winston Churchill Square, Edmonton, Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG, Tel. PHONENUMBER_TAG, Fax PHONENUMBER_TAG between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 12:00 noon and 1:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. Two copies of the full Tender package will be provided to the Pre-Qualified Bidders, and one copy to the Sub-Contractors. If additional sets are required by either the Pre-Qualified Bidders or Sub-Contractors a $100.00 deposit will be charged (refundable upon return of the documents) The work to be undertaken under this contract consists of: 1. The Work to be undertaken under the Contract involves: .1 Demolition and removal of existing buildings and site including the removal and disposal of hazardous materials. .2 Construction of the new Highlands Branch Library .3 Related site work including utility connections URL_TAG 
28014.txt	11.0389 Employee Benefits - Administrative Services and Insurance Carrier(s) Category A - Group Life and Long Term Disability Insurance Category B - Group and Voluntary AD&D Insurance Category C - Extended Health, Dental and Health Spending Account URL_TAG 
39156.txt	Motor Grader(s) - 2012 The County of Stettler No. 6 is inviting bids for the purchase of Motor Grader(s) - with Snow Equipment & Ripper ADDENDUM ISSUED: January 3, 2012 - to fix the printing problem with the specs form. URL_TAG 
39141.txt	Medium Duty Rescue Truck 5 Ton Crew Cab Medium Duty Rescue Truck. URL_TAG 
29155.txt	SPACE RADIATION SHIELDING THIN FILM Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Title: Space Radiation Shielding Thin Films File No: 9F052-110326 Contracting Officer's Name: Byrnes, Ashley Telephone No.: 819-956-1414 Fax no. 819-997-2229 The Canadian Space Agency (CSA) has a requirement to conduct a Phase 0 study on space radiation shielding thin films. Specifically, the CSA seeks to study multi-layer thin film radiation shielding technology to integrate radiation shielding functions onto carbon-fiber reinforced polymer structures (CRFP) used in space structures and systems. The proposed study aims to develop novel multi-layer thin film radiation shielding technologies (with multiple materials and nano-particles polymer matrix) that provide better attenuation percentage/weight than single material Polyethylene or carbon-nano-material. The work to support this requirement includes the following tasks: -perform the state-of-the-art review of space radiation shielding and protection, and review thoroughly the nanomaterials and technologies that have potential to produce thin films to shield against space radiations; -review existing, planned, and potential space exploration missions to develop the requirements for space radiation shielding; -study and evaluate experimentally the potential nanomaterials and low Z polymer materials against space radiation shielding requirements and other space environmental requirements such as vacuum and thermal, and select the most promising and feasible materials based on evaluation; -design and develop the thin film with multiple layers of multiple nano particles and low Z polymer matrix to have space radiation resistivity under X-ray, electron, proton, and gamma radiation with energies ranging from keV to MeV; verify its space radiation resistivity by radiation tests; and -develop the process of depositing the multiple layer radiation shielding thin film onto the CFRP sample coupons (provided by the CSA), and perform the deposition of the thin film onto the CFRP sample coupons. This project will take place from date of Contract to March 31, 2012. The maximum funding for the contract, inclusive of optional good and/or services, is set at $125,000.00 CAD (GST excluded). The method of selection will be based on HIGHEST RATED WITHIN BUDGET. Rated Criteria: Technical and Management Bid The technical and management bid will be evaluated and scored in accordance with the following evaluation criteria: 1) Merit of the Proposed Investigation, 2) Understanding of Space Radiation Principles and Shielding Technologies, 3) Feasibility of Achieving Goals and Technical Objectives, 4) Technical Methodology, 5) Team Capability, and 6) Project Management Plan. This requirement is exempt from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the World Trade Organization - Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP) and the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) as it is a research and development requirement. The Canadian Content Policy applies to this requirement and is conditionally limited to Canadian bidders with more than 80% Canadian Content. Should there be fewer than 3 responsive bids in this tender, evaluation will be open to all bidders. Canada retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. The PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. Documents may be submitted in either fficial language of Canada.   001: This amendment is raised to address questions raised.   002: This amendment is raised to address questions raised. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Byrnes, Ashley 11 Laurier St/ 11, rue Laurier 11C1, Place du Portage Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28300.txt	Opportunity Description: East Central Alberta Child and Family Services Authority is looking for service providers who are interested in building resources and programs that would supplement existing services and create increased options and choices for parents of children with disabilities. The most frequent accessed services include aide support services, specialized services, respite services and child care supports
36948.txt	Supply (FOB Destination) and installation/training for electronic key control management systems Request for Quotation for the supply, delivery (FOB Destination) and installation/training for electronic key control management systems. Department / Agency Name Justice Closing Closing on Wednesday, December 21, 2011 at 10:00 AM AST. Location: Public Tenders Office, 6176 Young St., Suite 200, Halifax, NS POSTALCODE_TAG Opening Opening on Wednesday, December 21, 2011 at 10:30 AM AST. Location: same as close location Posted 08 December 2011 Trade Agreement Atlantic Procurement Agreement Category Goods: Y | Services: N | Construction: N Pickup Fee N/A Addendum N Addendum Notes  Contact Public Tenders Office at PHONENUMBER_TAG or website URL_TAG Memorandum Department Contact: Leo Phillipo 902.563.2114 Awarded Date  Awarded Amount  Awarded Vendor  Award Memo  Bid Express This tender is listed only on Nova Scotia Procurement Services website.  Note: All amendments to the associated document  are issued by the originator of the RFP.  MERX asks you to contact the government  agency directly for these amendments.  The contact information can be found within  the main tender document. 
31222.txt	Opportunity Description: Comprehensive User Fee Study   1. PROJECT OVERVIEW  The Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo (RMWB) is requesting proposals from qualified proponents for a Comprehensive User Fee Study; the proponent is to also provide a mechanism on how to review and revise the user fees as necessary. The objective is to ensure that RMWB is utilizing comprehensive overhead rates and accurately accounting for the true cost of providing various services with its operations.  This project is subject to funding approval. Proposals are to remain valid for 90 days.  2. CONTRACT DURATION  The proposed Contract duration will be according to the timelines required as identified in the successful proposers' proposal, taking the Municipality's required timelines into consideration as well.  3. CONTACT INFORMATION:  It is the Proposer's responsibility to clarify interpretation of any item of the specifications or other documentation before the closing date, by contacting:   Procurement Contact: Selina Marshall - Senior Buyer  Procurement Services Branch  Ph: 780-743-7053  Fax 780-799-8696  Email: EMAIL_TAG   Proposers should direct all inquiries to the contacts shown above.   NOTE: PROPOSALS WILL NOT BE OPENED PUBLICLY  4. PROPOSAL DELIVERY  Proposals must be sealed and clearly marked with the RFP number, Closing Time and addressed for delivery or mail to:   Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo  Procurement Services Branch  Fourth Floor  9909 Franklin Avenue  Fort McMurray, AB POSTALCODE_TAG  Attn: Selina Marshall, Senior Buyer  Proposals may be delivered by hand, courier or mail. Proposals submitted by fax or e-mail will not be accepted.
32888.txt	Heating Sys,Insp&Repair,Var.Bldg,PE Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Heating System Inspections and Repairs Various DND Buildings, Charlottetown, P.E.I. W0105-12E047/A Allen, Judith Telephone No. PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG The Department of National Defence (DND) has a requirement for the furnishing of all labour, materials, tools and equipment required to provide heating plant operation inspection, repair service, heating season system start-up and end season system shut-down for HMCS Queen Charlotte Naval Reserve located at 10 Waterstreet Parkway, Charlottetown, and the Queen Charlotte Armoury located at 3 Haviland Street, Charlottetown and repair service when requested at the Brighton Compound located at 129 Brighton Road, Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island. The contractor shall be certified to carry out work on hot water boilers and their personnel will be in possession of a valid Oil Burner Technicians Certificate or 4th Class Stationary Engineer or equivalent for the Province of Prince Edward Island. All work is to be completed in accordance with the Specification Number L-C135-9900/31 forming part of the bid document. The Service Contract is from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013, with an option to renew for two additional one year periods. The estimated cost for this opportunity is within the following category: $100,001.00 to $250,000 (HST extra). Bid security is not a requirement for this tender. Enquiries: All inquiries are to be submitted in writing to the contractual authority. Enquiries: All inquiries are to be submitted in writing to the contractual authority. Judith Allen, telephone PHONENUMBER_TAG, facsimile (506) PHONENUMBER_TAG. E-mail: EMAIL_TAG Enquiries are to be made in accordance with the Bid Solicitation Document, Part 2 - Bidder's Instructions, Article 3. Enquiries - Bid Solicitation. Firms intending to submit tenders on this project should obtain tender documents through the MERX services provider. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the MERX service provider. Firms that elect to base their bids on tender documents obtained from other sources do so at their own risk and will be solely responsible to inform the tender calling authority of their intention to bid. In all cases bidders must indicate in the space provided on the Tender Form the identification number(s) f the addenda, if any, that they have taken into consideration for their bid. Standard terms and conditions for this procurement are incorporated by reference, and form part of the tender and contract documents. The standard documents are issued by Public Works and Government Services Canada and may be viewed on the MERX electronic bulletin board as part of the information module. Firms intending to submit tenders on this project should btain tender documents through the MERX services provider. This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Allen, Judy M. 189 Prince William Street Room 421 Saint John New Bruns POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31151.txt	Revised Invitation to Bid uploaded - field and admin end dates amended 2011/11/04  Q & A uploaded  Mountain Pine Beetle ground surveys as outlined by the ASRD ground survey protocols provided in this Invitation to Bid. The survey type and required documentation will be predetermined by the ASRD Designate. Removal of specified MPB baits within fourteen (14) days of work completion. Ground survey data management and/or entry procedures that follow Provincial standards outlined in the Mountain Pine Beetle Detection and Management in Albertaand FIRES Training courses. There will be a mandatory Vendors conference call scheduled prior to the closing of the Invitation to Bid. Each Vendor must have a company representative present on the call. The call shall be on November 2 at 13:00 hours local time. The phone number is 1-866-792-1317. The Conference ID is 7445044#. The conference call will be recorded. Contact : Don Gelinas Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
39165.txt	Spectrum Analyzer Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Title: Spectrum Analyzer Environment Canada (EC), Cloud Physics and Severe Weather Research Section has a requirement for the supply and delivery f quantity 1, Spectrum Analyzer 7 kHz - 16 Ghz. The system will be used at EC radar research facility on a regular basis to test, repair and calibrate Radio Frequency (RF) equipment. The majority of the work will be done at heights and in the field, therefore, the system to be procured must be portable, compact, light weight and battery operated. Delivery is required by 31 March 2012. Delivery Date: 31/03/2012 The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Van Allen, Shelly Ontario Region 33 City Centre Drive Suite 480 Mississauga Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
32892.txt	Mobile Crane Rental with Operators, Base and Training Area, CFB Gagetown Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: W0105-12E040/A Ellis-Herring , Alison PWB Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Mobile Crane Rental with Operators, Base and Training Area, CFB Gagetown The Department of National Defence (DND), CFB Gagetown, Oromocto, New Brunswick has a requirement for the establishment f a Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO). The work covered under this Standing Offer Agreement comprises the furnishing of all labour, materials, tools and equipment required to supply mobile cranes with operators at CFB Gagetown Oromocto, New Brunswick when requested. All work is to be performed in accordance with the specification for DND Job No. L-G2-9900-1558 forming part of the bid document. The period of the of the Standing Offer will be from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2014. A standing offer is an agreement and not a contract. Offerors should note that there is no guarantee that the full or any amount of the standing offer will be called-up. The estimated cost for this opportunity is within the following cost category: $100,001.00 - $250,000.00 HST included. Bid security is not a requirement for this tender. After issuance of a standing offer, offerors may request a debriefing on the results of the request for standing offers. Offerors should make the request to the Standing Offer Authority within 15 working days of receipt of notification that their ffer was unsuccessful. The debriefing may be provided in writing, by telephone or in person. ENQUIRIES: All enquiries of a technical nature and all questions f a contractual nature, are to be submitted to the Contractual Authority: Alison Ellis-Herring telephone - PHONENUMBER_TAG facsimile - PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG Enquiries are to be made in writing and should be received no less than five (5) calendar days prior to the closing date to allow sufficient time to respond. Firms intending to submit tenders on this project should obtain tender documents through the MERX services provider. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the MERX service provider. Firms that elect to base their bids on tender documents obtained from other sources do so at their own risk and will be solely responsible to inform the tender calling authority of their intention to bid. In all cases bidders must indicate in the space provided on the Tender Form the identification number(s) f the addenda, if any, that they have taken into consideration for their bid. Standard terms and conditions for this procurement are incorporated by reference, and form part of the tender and contract documents. The standard documents are issued by Public Works and Government Services Canada and may be viewed on the MERX electronic bulletin board as part of the information module. This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Ellis-Herring , Alison PWB 189 Prince William Street Room 421 Saint John New Bruns POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31153.txt	Revised Invitation to bid posted - updated Admin/Field end dates  Posted Q&A  Mountain Pine Beetle ground surveys as outlined by the ASRD ground survey protocols provided in this Invitation to Bid. The survey type and required documentation will be predetermined by the ASRD Designate. Removal of specified MPB baits within fourteen (14) days of work completion. Ground survey data management and/or entry procedures that follow Provincial standards outlined in the Mountain Pine Beetle Detection and Management in Albertaand FIRES Training courses. There will be a mandatory Vendors conference call scheduled prior to the closing of the Invitation to Bid. Each Vendor must have a company representative present on the call. The call shall be on November 2 at 13:00 hours local time. The phone number is 1-866-792-1317. The Conference ID is 7445044#. The conference call will be recorded. Contact : Don Gelinas Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
35508.txt	PRESSURE WASHER City of Edmonton invites submission of tenders for supply and installation of pressure washers for fleet services. URL_TAG 
37192.txt	BUOYS, DATA ACQUISITION Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exclusive Rights Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: METOCEAN Data Systems Limited 21 Thornhill Drive Dartmouth Nova Scotia Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Nature of Requirements: DATA ACQUISITION BUOYS Environment Canada requires 2 Ice Mass Balance (IMB) buoys for deployment in the Arctic, with deployments via Coast Guard Ice Breakers or other suitable vessel. The IMB buoy is a specialized suite of sensors that have been integrated to allow for direct in-situ measurement of ice growth and decay, along with atmospheric and oceanographic parameters to understand the thermodynamics at the ice. IMB buoys are part of Canada's contribution to the International Arctic Buoy Program (IABP), and are also a key part of the augmentation of in-situ marine weather observations for the METAREA initiative. Part of the METAREA project will see Environment Canada arrange for sustained deployments of ice buoys in the Canadian Arctic, to maintain an array of buoys upstream of Canada that will improve knowledge of real-time conditions, and improve the skill of numerical weather forecast models. Buoys will transmit bservations on an hourly basis via Iridium satellite. It is intended to negotiate a contract with MetOcean Data Systems of Dartmouth, Nova Scotia. MetOcean Data Systems Inc. is the only company that provides IMB buoys with the range of sensors integrated into a package suitable for deployment. The contract will include options to purchase 6 to 12 buoys over a period of four years. Delivery Date: 28/02/2012 You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Amador, Ketty Ontario Region 33 City Centre Drive Suite 480 Mississauga Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
29143.txt	Seismic A & E Services Request For Supply Arrangement (RFSA) for Group B Asia The Project: The Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade Canada (DFAIT), has a requirement to implement a Seismic Program as a Bureau initiative to assess, and remediate if necessary, any DFAIT properties abroad that are considered to be at risk in terms of seismic resistance. The SA period is for two (2) years with three (3) one (1) year option years. The estimated value for the SA, including option years is $5,000,000.00.  Solicitation Process: This is a two (2) phase solicitation process. Phase-One is to establish a pre-qualified list of proponents and Phase-Two is a traditional competitive solicitation among the group of pre-qualified proponents. Following Phase-One, each of the proponents who meet all the mandatory requirements will be required to sign an Undertaking of Confidentiality prior to issuance of the Phase-Two traditional competitive documents. Scope of Work: PHASE 1 — SEISMIC EVALUATION The Consultant shall conduct a Tier 1, screening phase evaluation for all buildings assessed and conduct a full Tier 2 evaluation in accordance with the ASCE/SEI 31-03 Standard. PHASE 2 — RETROFIT OPTIONS STUDY Based on the results of the Phase 1 study, the Consultant may propose additional work, such as structural investigations, (both intrusive and non-intrusive), material testing, geotechnical investigations and geophysical investigations, which may have a significant effect on the development of retrofit options. This will detail the following:  1. Benefits of the additional work for the development of three (3) retrofit options; 2. The purpose and methodology of the additional work; 3. An estimated schedule to complete the additional work; and 4. An overall cost to complete the additional work. PHASE 3 — CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS FOR SELECTED RETROFIT OPTION The Consultant shall: 1. Prepare tender and construction drawings complete with all construction details and any other specialist works. Designs are to be based on Canadian material and design standards; 2. Verify if more stringent local Codes apply and advise the DFAIT Representative of these requirements; 3. Ensure the technical aspects of the structural design meet local requirements; 4. Ensure that the tender and design package meets local code permit and contracting requirements to avoid delays in the delivery of the project; 5. Prepare a list of recommended makes for local and imported materials required for the project; 6. Prepare a detailed cost estimate of the project; 7. Prepare a detailed work schedule for the project; and 8. Assist in the tender stage by assisting in the pre-selection of qualified bidders. PHASE 4 — QUALITY ASSURANCE During Phase 4, the Consultant shall: 1. Assist in the tendering stage by responding to technical questions raised during the tendering process, and providing comment on the pre-qualification submissions of the bidders; 2. Review and provide to the DFAIT Representative a recommendation for approval or rejection of shop drawings submitted by the General Contractor; 3. Provide detailed drawings, sketches, specifications or installation information which may be required by the General Contractor for clarification to ensure proper execution of the work; 4. Prepare and submit an estimated schedule for site visits detailing work to be done at each visit; 5. Prepare a list of approved materials and makes for local or imported items required for the project; 6. Submit to the DFAIT Representative in writing for approval, any additional works that the Consultant deems necessary for this stage; 7. Answer the General Contractor's questions pertaining to the project; 8. Provide site supervision, including detailed reports of the field review of construction progress and deficiencies; 9. Finalize the design as necessary, which shall be submitted to the DFAIT Representative for the required QAR; and 10. Deliver a full as-built package including as-built drawings and a letter of substantial completion as per the contract documents. Experience Required: Proponents must have a minimum of five (5) years of recent experience in A&E consulting accomplishments based on a minimum of five (5) major projects including successfully completed Class "A" major office building projects, embassy or other major construction and fit-up projects, with construction and fit-up costs over $1.5 million CAD and carried out in various cities internationally; The Consultant (principal assigned to this project) must have a minimum of five (5) years of recent experience in A&E consulting accomplishments based on a minimum of five (5) major projects including successfully completed Class "A" major office building projects, embassy or other major construction and fit-up projects with construction and fit-up costs over $1.5 million CAD and carried out in various cities internationally; The Civil, Structural, Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (assigned to this project), each must have a minimum of three (3) years experience in A&E consulting accomplishments based on a minimum of three (3) major projects including successfully completed Class "A" major office building projects, embassy or other major construction and fit-up projects, with construction and fit-up costs over $1.5 million CAD and carried out in various cities internationally; Expertise in Scope, Cost, Schedule, and Quality Control through the assignment of qualified professionals; Proposed team must include professional architects and engineers fully licensed to work in (Canada) and Knowledgeable in design details, local construction laws and market practices. RFSA Documents from MERX: Proponents shall order from MERX, the Request for Supply Arrangement documents which include the RFSA Invitation, A&E Consultant Supply Arrangement, and other documents required to prepare the design and tender documents. Part 1: Selection Process: The Supply Arrangement method of supply is essentially a two phase procurement process. Phase 1 is the issuance of an RFSA to Suppliers, and the issuance, following evaluation of the offers received in response to the RFSA in accordance with the terms and conditions of the RFSA, of one or more SAs to Supplier(s). Once the Supplier has been established and an appropriate Supply Arrangement entered into with the Supplier, Phase 2 begins through the issuance of separate Call-Ups, on an as-and-when-requested basis for the required Services in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Supply Arrangements and Her Majesty's procurement policies. These Call-Ups form a contractual agreement between Her Majesty and the Supplier for the Services offered. The Supply Arrangement will be available for use upon signature by Her Majesty and will be effective on the same date. A Supplier will be considered to have been added to the Suppliers list upon signature of the Supply Arrangement. The issuance of Supply Arrangements does not oblige Canada to issue Call-Ups to Contract for any of the Services described in SAs or to spend any monies whatsoever.  Call-Ups will be issued on a competitive basis to the Supplier determined by Right of First Refusal. Each Call-Up issued in accordance with the resulting SA shall be subject to the terms and conditions stated in the SA.  
29287.txt	Roof Replacement - NB DSS, Central Tendering, Construction Marysville Place, Room 205 20 McGloin Street Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Roof Replacement Paquetville Maintenance Depot Paquetville, NB Address all inquiries to: Architectural: Aedifex Architecture Inc. 281 rue St-George Bathurst, NB POSTALCODE_TAG Tel: 506-546-8429 Fax: 506-546-8426 Site Contact: Jean-Raymond Roy at 506-547-7492 This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. To obtain tender documents, Contact: Receptionist Room 205, Marysville Place 20 McGloin Street P.O. Box 6000 Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG New Brunswick tenders are subject to the terms and conditions of Interprovincial  agreements relating to procurement. Division05-Metals Division06-Wood, Plastics, and Composites Division07-Thermal and Moisture Protection Tabitha Lee DSS, Central Tendering, Construction Marysville Place, Room 205 20 McGloin Street Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
27690.txt	Request for Standing Offer - BULK AVIATION FUELS National Master Standing Offers (NMSO) for a Back-up supplier for bulk aviation fuels in accordance with Canadian General Standards Board standards, as applicable. Delivery to Canadian Forces Bases Val-Cartier, Bagotville, Trenton, Winnipeg, and Comox, on an "as and when" requested basis from date of issue of the MNSO to March 31, 2013.  Quantity: various. The Crown reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. 
28775.txt	Janitorial Services - Fredericton Armoury, Fredericton, New Brunswick Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: W0105-12E035/A Donovan, Janine PWB Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Janitorial Services - Fredericton Armoury, Fredericton, New Brunswick Department of National Defence (DND) has a requirement for the furnishing of all labour and supervision required to provide janitorial services for routine cleaning at the Fredericton Armoury located in Fredericton, New Brunswick. All work is to be completed in accordance with the Specification Number L-F135/1-0301/102 forming part of the bid document. The Service Contract is from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013, with options to renew for two additional one year periods. The estimated cost (based on the Contract plus the two option years) for this opportunity is within the following cost category: $100,000 to $250,000 (HST extra). Bid security is not a requirement for this tender. Enquiries: All inquiries are to be submitted in writing to the contractual Authority: Janine Donovan, telephone - PHONENUMBER_TAG, facsimile - (506) PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG Enquiries are to be made in accordance with the Bid Solicitation Document, Part 2- Bidder's Instructions, Article 3. Enquiries - Bid Solicitation. Firms intending to submit tenders on this project should obtain tender documents through the MERX services provider. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the MERX provider. Firms that elect to base their bids on tender documents obtained from ther sources do so at their own risk and will be solely responsible to inform the tender calling authority of their intention to bid. Standard terms and conditions for this procurement are incorporated by reference, and form part of the tender and contract documents. The standard documents are issued by Public Works and Government Services and may be viewed on the MERX electronic bulletin board as part of the information module. Firms intending to submit tenders on this project should obtain tender documents through the MERX service provider. This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Donovan, Janine PWB 189 Prince William Street Room 421 Saint John New Bruns POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39121.txt	Supply and Installation of Furniture for Waterfront Health Science Campus GBC is soliciting proposals as outlined in the terms and conditions of this Request for Proposal ("RFP") from qualified companies (the "Respondents") to provide and install Furniture for Waterfront Health Science Campus (collectively the "Deliverables" or "Project") to George Brown College's Waterfront Campus.  
33778.txt	ANTENNA CONTROL UNITS Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Interchangeable Parts Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: INTERTRONIC SOLUTIONS INC 452 AIME-VINCENT VAUDREUIL-DORION Quebec Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Nature of Requirements: ANTENNA CONTROL UNITS The Department of National Defence (DND) has a requirement for the following item to be Defence research and development Canada Ottawa, 3701 Carling Ave., Ottawa, Ontario by March 30, 2012. 1) GSIN: N5985 ANTENNA CONTROL UNITS Quantity: 1 SPECIFICATION REQUIREMENTS: Specifications are provided in the associated Statement of Work. This document is not a Request for Proposal and Public Works and Government Services Canada will not be accepting bid packages associated to this document. APPLICABLE TRADE AGREEMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS This requirement is subject to the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT). GOVERNMENT CONTRACT REGULATIONS (GCR) EXCEPTION AND LIMITED TENDERING REASON In accordance with the GCR exception, this requirement is being directed to the InterTronic Solutions Inc. as the required item is guaranteed interchangeable with the current equipment on site at the Department of National Defence. Limited tendering procedures are being invoked for technical reasons where the goods can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no reasonable alternative or substitute exists. REQUIRED DELIVERY March 30, 2012 PROPOSED CONTRACTOR InterTronic Solutions Inc. 452 AIME-VINCENT VAUDREUIL-DORION, Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG Canada CLOSING DATE FOR ACCEPTING STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITIES December 2, 2011, 2:00 pm. EST. INQUIRIES AND SUBMISSION OF STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITIES Joanne Ladouceur (M) Supply Specialist Public Works and Government Services Canada "HN" Division Floor 7B3, Place du Portage, Phase III 11 Laurier Street Gatineau, Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Facsimile: PHONENUMBER_TAG The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. ========================= 15EH04-SOR PROJECT 15EH – EXPLOITATION OF SPACE-BASED AIS/SMS TDP STATEMENT OF REQUIREMENTS FOR NEW ANTENNA CONTROL UNIT 27 SEPTEMBER, 2011 1 OBJECTIVE 1.1 Background As part of its efforts in small satellite research, DRDC Ottawa has built a ground station to autonomously track low and medium rbit satellites. The antenna control unit of the 4.6 and 9.1 meter antenna of the ground station currently needs to be replaced. 1.2 Technical Authority The Technical Authority (TA) is to be determined. Address: DRDC-Ottawa, 3701 Carling Avenue, Ottawa, ON POSTALCODE_TAG. 1.3 Purpose The purpose of this document is to define the technical specifications of the antenna control unit to be procured. 1.4 Responsibilities DRDC Ottawa is the customer for this contract. As such, DRDC Ottawa has the final authority on all matters concerning this contract. The Contractor shall perform the work as outlined in this statement of requirement and shall report to TA for all technical matters and approvals.  2 TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS The new antenna control unit (ACU) must be a split system, comprised of a standard production model ACU linked by fiber ptic cable to a separate adapter box located in the antenna pedestal as per the requirements described in the following sections. 2.1 Specifications of the Current ACU The new ACU must meet or exceed the specifications of the existing unit listed below: 1. Front Panel Operating Modes: Standby Mode - Startup is inhibited and brakes are applied, but position data is continuously available. Manual Mode - Azimuth and elevation positions are controlled by input from controller keypad. Joystick Mode - Azimuth and elevation positions are controlled by input from a 2-axis joystick on controller front panel. Scan Mode - Pedestal azimuth - elevation scan pattern is controlled by ACU processor using scan parameters input by perator. Step Track Mode - A position loop mode where the antenna RF bore-site direction is stepped in small increments of both azimuth and elevation axes, with feedback sensing of an external AGC signal. The step track process is automatically re-initiated whenever the received AGC signal falls below a specified threshold, and terminated when a peak AGC signal value is reestablished above the threshold. 2. Remote Control Operating Modes: When the ACU is placed in the Standby Mode described above, it will respond to command from a remote host computer over the IEEE-488 interface, or the RS-232C serial interface. The available commands are: Designate Command - Directs the pedestal to an azimuth and elevation position as specified in the host command message. Scan (Remote) Command - Pedestal Az-El scan pattern is controlled by remote host computer using scan parameters specified in the host command message. Track Command - Directs the ACU to execute the Step Track algorithm described above, using parameters supplied in the host command message. Halt Command - Instructs the ACU to stop the operation of the last remote command and hold current AZ-El position. Resume Command - Instructs the ACU to continue the last command which was interrupted by the HALT command. Status Request Command - Requests a current condition report from the ACU including position and fault indication data. This command can be issued at any time during ACU operations, even when the ACU is not operating in remote command mode. 3. Fault Indications Pedestal and Az-El fault conditions are continuously monitored by the ACU. If any fault conditions occur, the ACU will display the fault on the front panel, and return to the STANDBY mode until the condition is cleared: The following conditions are monitored: - Servo Amplifier faults - Azimuth and elevation over speed - Azumuth and elevation hand wheel fault - Azumuth and elevation stow pin fault - Azumuth and elevation brakes - Elevation and polarization final limits. 4. Remote Control Interfaces: - IEEE-488 - RS-232C 5. Pedestal Configuration: - Azimuth over elevation mount. 6. Pedestal Operating Ranges: Azimuth Range - 0-360 degrees continuous, bi-directional, no limits, maximum speed 5 degrees/sec. Elevation Range - 0 to 180 degrees bi-directional, primary limits with back out, secondary limits with power interlock, maximum speed 5 degrees/sec. Polarization Rotation Range - +/-90 degrees, primary limits with back out, secondary limits with power interlock. 2.2 Additional Specifications The new ACU must also meet or exceed the additional specifications listed below: 1. Additional Operating Modes: Mission Mode - Pre configurable stored mission mode, which accepts input of frequency, polarization, ephemeris and tracking profile for unattended operation. This mode includes the ability to carry out a complete mission schedule including: - pre mission processing for start-up tests and antenna pre-positioning. - mission processing including acquisition, tracking and pass termination. - post mission processing including shut-down tests and calibration, and post-pass processing. Tracking Modes - Additional tracking modes including conscan, step track, memory track, adaptable memory track, and digital or resolver-based slave tracking. Walk Box Mode - Walk box control mode of azimuth and elevation axes with limit indications. Satellite Tracking Mode - Accepts external tracking file (time, Az, El) or operates from internal orbit propagators. Supports all standard ephemeris types including NORAD TLE, mean Keplerian, and earth centered inertial coordinates. Must be capable of storing a minimum of 10 ephemeris data sets, 20 discrete satellite positions, and 20 sub-satellite longitude positions. Tracking augmentation - Supports superimposed raster, box and spiral scans on base ephemeris tracking data, time offset of tracking data, optimized azimuth control for zenith path processing, and memory tracking as a second stage evolution from 24 hour auto track mode. Expandable to add future augmentation algorithms such as zenith pass processing utilizing pedestal 0-180 degree elevation capability. 2. Additional Interface Requirements: - outdoor walkbox unit with 50 ft. Cable - standard 10/100 base T ethernet - network time protocol (NTP) - front and rear USB ports - beacon receiver AGC inputs (min 2) 3. Additional Servo Control Requirements: - configurable compensation for all servo modes, including position and rate loops, torque bias, feedback, maximum velocities and autotrack modes. - supports single or dual motors per axis, whith provision for torque bias in two motor system to eliminate gear train backlash. - support for both open loop positioning and closed loop tracking. - accepts position feed back from single and dual speed synchro/resolvers, incremental and absolute position encoders, and potentiometers. 4. Additional Test and Calibration Functions: - internal function generator and digital strip chart recorder for stability testing. - integral servo test modes for step response, loop gains, rate and position loop responses, and maximum velocity and acceleration. - boresight test capability to determine tracking rate, jitter & gradient. The interface to the existing pedestal electronics shall be by means of a split system, linked by a fiber optic cable to eliminate ground surge effects from electrical storms. The split system will consist of a rack-mounted standard product model ACU located in the ground station building, and an adapter unit located in the antenna pedestal. The adapter unit shall connect to existing connectors on the pedestal electronic enclosure. As a design consideration, there is already a multi-mode fiber ptics communication link between two network switches on each end that could be used. In addition, there are free unterminated multi-mode fiber optics strands available from the same fiber ptics cable. Rewiring of existing pedestal servo electronics shall be minimal, or not required. The pedestal wiring details are provided in Annex A. 3 DELIVERABLES The deliverables of this contract are listed below: 1. Installation, testing and calibration of the new system shall be included and coordinated to minimize antenna downtime. 2. 2 hard copies of the user, operations & service manuals shall be provided. 3. On-site training must be provided following the new system installation. 4 ANNEX A – PEDESTAL WIRING DIAGRAMS 8 Diagrams avialable upon request. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Ladouceur, Joanne M. 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
36947.txt	Supply of Brakes and Brake Components ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Procurement Services Branch DATE ISSUED: 09/12/2011 ISSUED BY: Shaun Ritchie TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG THE FOLLOWING IS A REQUEST FOR A TWO YEAR (PLUS AN OPTION YEAR) OUTLINE AGREEMENT FOR THE SUPPLY AND DELIVERY OF VARIOUS UNSPECIFIED RELATED BRAKE LINING AND BRAKE SYSTEMS FOR MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION'S SPECIAL OPERATING AGENCY "VEHICLE AND EQUIPMENT MANAGEMENT AGENCY (VEMA)" THE SERVICES REQUIRED WILL BE FOR THE VEMA LIGHT DUTY VEHICLE DIVISION WHICH IS LOCATED AT 626 HENRY AVE IN WINNIPEG, MANITOBA. NOTE: Purchasing Agent: Shaun Ritchie - phone PHONENUMBER_TAG (or) email: EMAIL_TAG Please contact the individual noted above if additional information r clarification is required on the following items. To be delivered as & when required from January 1, 2012 TO December 31, 2013 with an option to extend for an additional year. The delivery date (if shown) is actually the end of the contract TO BE DELIVERED FOB DESTINATION, FREIGHT PREPAID TO ANY POINT LOCATED IN WINNIPEG CITY WITH THE MAJORITY OF SHIPMENTS GOING TO 626 HENRY AVENUE. (unit prices, include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance, handling etc). ASSOCIATED COMPONENTS (that is, Request for Quotation-(RFQ)) documents must be purchased from MERX to be considered. To obtain the official RFQ document please follow the "Associated Components: Preview/Order" link at the top of this page. Bidders must "login" to MERX to access the General Terms & Conditions which apply to this RFQ, in addition to those shown below. After "login" follow the links - Information - Government Publications - Manitoba Terms and Conditions - Request for Quotation If you have faxed your quote to PSB and wish to confirm that all pages have been received please call our general inquiry line PHONENUMBER_TAG Vendor#s e-mail address: (if available)   Quantity clarification: quantity listed contains 2 or 3 decimals  ITEM QTY DESCRIPTION DELIVERY NO. DATE ======================================================== ITEM 10 31/12/2013 220,000.00 Dollar GSIN: N6515MATERIAL: 42721 BRAKE, LINING AND SYSTEM COMPONENTS, FOR THE PURCHASE OF UNSPECIFIED RELATED BRAKE LININGS AND BRAKE SYSTEM COMPONENTS NOTE: (BRAKE COMPONENTS TO INCLUDE, FRICTION MATERIALS, (BRAKE SHOES AND PADS), HYDRAULIC COMPONENTS (WHEEL CYL., CALIPERS, MASTER CYL., HOSES), HARDWARE (ROTORS, DRUMS, EMERGENCY BRAKE CABLES, BRAKE HARDWARE)) BRAKE PADS AND SHOES: BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) DRUMS: BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) ROTORS: BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) CALIPERS (REBUILT): BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) MASTER CYLINDERS (NEW): BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) MASTER CYLINDERS (REBUILT): BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) HOSES: BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) EMERGENCY BRAKE CABLES: BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) FITTINGS AND SUNDRY RELATED PARTS (BRAKE HARDWARE): BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) For evaluation purposes please provide the quoted cost based on the pricing structure for each of the following items that are listed below. 1. Brake Pads - Raybestos Pads PGD655M $  2. Brake Shoes - Raybestos Shoes 714PG $  3. Drums - Raybestos 9756R $  4. Rotors - Raybestos 780623 $  5. Calipers (Rebuilt) - Fenco SLC666 $  6. Master Cylinders (New) - Fenco NM3039 $  7. Master Cylinders (Rebuilt) - Fenco NM3039 $  8. Hoses - Raybestos BH-382366 $  9. Emergency Brake Cables - raybestos BC-95110 $  10. Fittings and Sundry Related Parts (Brake Hardware) - Raybestos H-7296 $  This is to be included with your bid submission and will be used to evaluate the lowest cost for each of the items listed. MUST BE COMPLETED AND RETURNED WITH BID OR BID WILL BE REJECTED. ======================================================== THE FOLLOWING IS A REQUEST FOR A TWO YEAR (PLUS AN OPTION YEAR) OUTLINE AGREEMENT FOR THE SUPPLY AND DELIVERY OF VARIOUS UNSPECIFIED RELATED BRAKE LINING AND BRAKE SYSTEMS FOR MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION'S SPECIAL OPERATING AGENCY "VEHICLE AND EQUIPMENT MANAGEMENT AGENCY (VEMA)" THE SERVICES REQUIRED WILL BE FOR THE VEMA LIGHT DUTY VEHICLE DIVISION WHICH IS LOCATED AT 626 HENRY AVE IN WINNIPEG, MANITOBA. VEMA IS A SPECIAL OPERATING AGENCY OF MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Vendor's business hours must meet Vehicle and Equipment Management Agencies (VEMA) hours of 7:30AM - 4:00 PM Monday to Friday. Please provide hours of operation:  2. Supplier must deliver product within Two (2) hours of order being placed for stocked items, Deliveries to be made between the hours of 7:30 AM and 4:00 PM. Monday to Friday. Bidders must provide the normal delivery lead time for: Non-stocked item: Delivery within   working days PLEASE STATE THE LOCATION OF THE CLOSEST DISTRIBUTOR WITHIN PROXIMITY TO WINNIPEG:  3. No minimum invoicing or delivery charges to apply. No charge for local deliveries in Winnipeg and surround area. 4. Full credit on all returned parts that are in original/new packaging and in saleable conditions (No restocking or penalties) 5. PRICE LIST AND CATALOGUE MUST BE SUPPLIED AT TIME OF BID SUBMISSION OR IF IN RECEIPT OF CONTRACT ONCE AWARDED. 6. SUPPLIER MUST MAINTAIN SUFFICIENT INVENTORY TO MEET THE NEEDS OF THIS CONTRACT. 7. INVOICE MUST BE SUPPLIED WITH THE PARTS WHEN DELIVERED. 8. ALL ITEMS TO BE INDIVIDUALLY BOXED AND LABELLED 9. ALL PARTS MUST HAVE A MINIMUM OF ONE (1) YEAR WARRANTY FROM DATE OF INSTALL 10. ALL COMPONENTS MUST BE FIRST LINE QUALITY (example Wagner, Raybestos, Bendix) AND ARE TO MEET OR EXCEED OEM SPECIFICATIONS) 11. MSDS MUST BE SUPPLIED FOR ALL FRICTION MATERIALS BEFORE DELIVERY OF ANY PRODUCT. 12. SUPPLIER TO STATE CORE POLICY 13. SUPPLIER TO INDICATE TRAINING AVAILABLE TO VEMA STAFF AND THE ASSOCIATED COSTS. 14. NO SUBSTITUTIONS OF BRANDS SHALL BE ALLOWED WITHOUT EXPRESSED APPROVAL OF VEHICLE AND EQUIPMENT MANAGEMENT AGENCY PLEASE NOTE THE FOLLOWING: DELIVERY: THE DELIVERY DATE (IF SHOWN) IS ACTUALLY THE END OF THE CONTRACT PERIOD. TO BE DELIVERED ON AN AS AND WHEN REQUIRED BASIS FOR THE PERIOD JANUARY 1,2012 TO DECEMBER 31,2013 WITH AN OPTION TO EXTEND FOR AN ADDITIONAL YEAR. THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ANY GUARANTEE OF BUSINESS. IT DOES HOWEVER, OUTLINE THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO BE APPLIED WHEN A PURCHASE TRANSACTION OCCURS. ANY UNUSED PORTION AS OF THE END OF THE CONTRACT SHALL BE CONSIDERED CANCELLED. QUANTITIES: THE QUANTITIES SHOWN ARE APPROXIMATE AND MAY VARY MORE OR LESS. PRICING STRUCTURE: DISCOUNT IS TO REMAIN FIRM FOR DURATION OF THE ORDER UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED BY BIDDER BELOW. PREFERENCE MAY BE GIVEN TO SUPPLIERS OFFERING A FIRM DISCOUNT, IF NO, SHOW DURATION OF FIRM DISCOUNT. DISCOUNT FIRM UNTIL:  . QUOTATION EVALUATION: Any product supplied must be new, unused, first quality. Generally the lowest overall value of money for an acceptable item(s) in accordance with the terms & conditions of the RFQ will be awarded the rder. Quotations will be evaluated based on compliance of bid, product offered compared to product description/specifications requested, overall value for money, delivery, freight, quality of the bidder's performance in past awards and any other terms & conditions indicated on this RFQ Failure to provide adequate information to evaluate the item offered may be cause for rejection of your quote by the Manitoba Government(Manitoba) PRODUCTS/BRANDS OFFERED: ALL COMPONENTS MUST BE OF FIRST LINE QUALITY, PREMIUM BRAND. MUST MEET VEHICLES ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT MANUFACTURERS SPECIFICATIONS. VEMA MAY REQUEST SAMPLES OF EACH PRODUCT ASSOCIATED ON THIS TENDER TO BE PROVIDED TO DETERMINE IF PRODUCT MEETS OUR REQUIREMENTS. VENDORS WISHING TO OFFER ALTERNATIVE PRODUCTS FOR FUTURE TENDERS ARE INVITED TO SUBMIT SAMPLES FOR LONG TERM TESTING AND EVALUATION BY CONTACTING THE END USER OR DEPARTMENT CONTACT. Any product supplied must be new, unused, first quality. Any product offered may require testing prior to acceptance. The product offered must meet the requirements and expectations for its intended use If required, you may be requested to submit a sample or samples of any alternative products offered, for evaluation for future tenders. The sample or samples are to be provided at no cost to Manitoba and may be tested up to and including destruction. QUALITY / ACCEPTABILITY: All goods delivered are subject to inspection prior to delivery acceptance. Signing of any delivery slip should not be construed as acceptance of the product delivered. Manitoba reserves the right toreject any product, after final inspection that does not meet the specification or product description requested. Manitoba reserves the right to reject any product supplied which, upon inspection or use, is deemed by the using department to be unacceptable for their intended use. Products to be supplied as specified on the contract/purchase order. Any substitutes shipped without prior written approval will be rejected at time of delivery or held at shipper's risk pending return instructions Products rejected by the using department will be returned to the Vendor for full credit or replacement product at no cost to Manitoba or the contract may be cancelled. ORDERS/RELEASES If your quotation is acceptable a Value Contract will be issued as the acceptance document of this quote. THE VENDOR IS NOT TO SHIP ANY ITEM UNTIL A SEPARATE RELEASE PURCHASE ORDER HAS BEEN ISSUED BY VEHICLE AND EQUIPMENT MANAGEMENT AGENCY (VEMA). THIS ORDER MAY BE PLACED VERBALLY, BY FAX OR MAIL, BY AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL. EACH RELEASE PURCHASE ORDER WILL HAVE A SPECIFIC REFERENCE NUMBER. PRODUCTS WILL BE SHIPPED TO WINNIPEG AND/OR RURAL MANITOBA. TO ASSIST IN PROMPT PAYMENT OF INVOICES PLEASE QUOTE THE RELEASE PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER ON THE INVOICE AND ANY CORRESPONDANCE. DELIVERY: TO BE DELIVERED FOB DESTINATION, FREIGHT PREPAID TO ANY POINT LOCATED IN WINNIPEG CITY WITH THE MAJORITY OF SHIPMENTS GOING TO 626 HENRY AVENUE. ( unit prices include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance ,handling etc.) IF A DELIVERY TO A RURAL AREA IS REQUESTED THE SHIPMENT WILL BE ON A PREPAID CHARGEBACK BASIS. If any charges are not included please explain in detail any/all charges which will be extra to the unit prices quoted and will be charged on the invoice. INSPECTION: Final inspection and acceptance or rejection of the goods will be made promptly as practicable, but failure to inspect and accept or reject goods promptly does not mean that the Manitoba Government has accepted these goods. The Government of Manitoba reserves the right to inspect the goods for up to 90 days after the date of delivery. Partial acceptance of rejection of an order does not release the Bidder from its responsibility to complete the order. MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY: State warranty of units offered ( as applicable to Manitoba's use) (Manitoba's use would usually be considered commercial application not consumer) Parts   months OR   years Please note: During the period of the warranty offered, all labour, transportation, parts, surcharges including shipping and brokerage will be included. The Province of Manitoba WILL NOT pay additional charges while the item(s) offered are under the above stated warranty. Potential costs associated with the location of warranty service might be used in the evaluation of this quote If the warranty offered is the Vendor's warranty in combination with r in place of the Manufacturer's warranty then a complete explanation must be provided. ASSIGNMENT The Contractor shall not assign or transfer the Agreement or any of the rights or obligations under the Agreement without first obtaining written permission from Manitoba. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, refuse to grant such permission. CONTRACT EXTENSION OR ADDITIONAL PRODUCTS: By written agreement between Manitoba and the Vendor, the Contract may be amended to include additional products or locations and/or the duration of the Contract may be extended to continue past the expiry date specified above. GOVERNING LAWS: Manitoba requires its suppliers to adhere to provincial labour laws and, where businesses use sources outside of Canada, Manitoba expects suppliers to comply with local labour laws in the country of manufacture TERMINATION: Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, immediately terminate a purchase rder/contract in writing if: a) the vendor fails to properly fulfill, perform, satisfy and carry out each and every one of its obligations under the purchase order/contract, r b) the vendor fails or refuses to comply with a verbal or written request or direction from Manitoba within three(3) days of receiving the request or direction; or c) the vendor become bankrupt or insolvent or liquidates; or d) a receiver, trustee or custodian is appointed for the assets of the vendor, or any partner thereof; or e) the vendor or any partner thereof makes a compromise, arrangement, or assignment with or for the benefit of the creditors of the vendor or of that partner, as the case may be; or f) the vendor fails to secure or renew any license or permit for the vendors business required by law; or any such license or permit is revoked or suspended; or g) the vendor or any partner, officer or director of the vendor is found guilty of an indictable offence; or h) the vendor fails to comply with any law or regulation relating to the employment of its employees; or i) the vendor at any time engages in any activities or trade practices which, in the opinion of Manitoba, are prejudicial to the interests of Manitoba, or a department or agency thereof; or j) there is a breach of any provision of the purchase order/contract. k) the goods provided by the vendor are not according to the contract or therwise unsatisfactory; or l) the services provided by the vendor are unsatisfactory, inadequate, r are improperly performed; or m) the vendor has failed to meet the delivery date indicated on the purchase order/contract or repeatedly failed to meet the delivery lead time, indicated on the purchase order/contract. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, terminate the purchase rder/contract at any time by giving at least 30 days written notice to the vendor prior to the intended termination date. This termination may be used for those instances where there are program changes, funding changes, etc. All purchases by Manitoba under the purchase rder/contract are subject to and expressly conditional upon the Legislature of Manitoba duly appropriating funds to the fiscal year in which they are required to be paid. For the multi-year contracts the RFQ/contract term #fiscal year# means the period commencing April 1st of ne year and ending on March 31st of the next ensuing year. PUBLICITY, MEDIA, OFFICIAL ENQUIRIES AND ADVERTISING: Neither the bidder nor its suppliers/vendors, employees nor consultants shall make any public statement making reference to, or relating to the existence or performance of the purchase order/contract in any advertising, testimonials or promotional material without the prior written consent of the Province of Manitoba, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The provision of this condition shall apply during the extension of a purchase order/contract and indefinitely after its expiry or termination. CONFIDENTIALITY: The content of this RFQ and any other information received by the Bidder relating to the RFQ, gained through the RFQ process or otherwise, is to be treated in strict confidentiality. The Bidder shall not disclose any f the information in whole or in part to anyone not specifically involved in the preparation of the Bidder's quotation, unless written consent is secured from Manitoba prior to the said disclosure. The bligation of each Bidder to maintain confidentiality shall survive the expiration or the acceptance/rejection of their quotation and/or any resulting Contract/ Agreement(s) to supply the requirements of this RFQ. FAVOURED CUSTOMER CLAUSE: If during the period of the offer the Bidders offers for sale like quality and quantity similar to customers at more favourable terms, the current quoted price shall be immediately altered to a level that reflects the same favourable terms. Provision of Goods/Services to Manitoba Boards, et al: During the term of the Agreement, or any renewal thereof, the Contractor agrees to offer the goods/services upon written approval of PSB: a) to corporations, boards commissions, councils, bureaus, agencies or associations that are controlled by the Government of Manitoba, or all f the members of which are appointed by the Government of Manitoba, whether by order-in-council or legislation or by a Minister of the Government of Manitoba; release of the purchase order/outline agreement will be at PSB#s discretion; and b) To agencies that are funded by the Government of Manitoba only, or suppliers of essential services in the Province of Manitoba. On the same terms and conditions of the Agreement and at prices that do not exceed prices charged to Manitoba for the goods/services. It shall be in the sole discretion of such entity whether or not it wishes to receive the benefit of this provision. If an entity wishes to avail itself of this provision, it may do so directly by issuing its own Release Purchase order to the Contractor, in which case any agreement resulting from said Release Purchase Order will be between the entity and the Contractor, and Manitoba will not be a party thereto. VENDOR INFORMATION: RIGHT TO REISSUE RFQ Manitoba reserves the right to cancel and/or reissue the RFQ where, in Manitoba's sole opinion, none of the quotes submitted in response to the RFQ warrant acceptance or where it would be in the best interests of Manitoba to do so. Costs incurred in the preparation, presentation and submission of a quote shall be borne entirely by the Bidder. Manitoba shall not reimburse any bidders for any costs if the RFQ is cancelled or reissued. AUTHORIZED VENDOR Manitoba reserves the right, prior to any contract award, to secure evidence to Manitoba's satisfaction that any bidder is the manufacturer r an authorized distributor, dealer or retailer of the goods offered and is authorized to sell these goods in Manitoba, Canada and upon request will provide Manitoba with written evidence thereof. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD FOR "GOODS WITH RELATED SERVICES" DEFINITIONS: "Aboriginal Business" means a business that is at least 51% aboriginal wned and controlled and, if it has six or more full-time employees, at least one-third of its employees must be Aboriginal persons. "Aboriginal Business Directory" means a business directory of Aboriginal businesses that meet Manitoba's definition of an Aboriginal business. 'Aboriginal Business Standard" means terms and conditions that indicate that Aboriginal business participation is desirable but not mandatory. "Aboriginal Person" means a First Nations, Non-status Indian, Métis or Inuit person who is a Canadian citizen and resident of Canada. ABORIGINAL PROCUREMENT INITIATIVE Manitoba is committed to community economic development as a key component of its economic strategy. It intends to develop a provincial economy that is more inclusive, equitable and sustainable. Procurement practices are one means that can be used to contribute to the growth of Aboriginal businesses. In that regard, Manitoba developed the Aboriginal Procurement Initiative (API). The objective of API is to increase the participation of Aboriginal businesses in providing goods and services to Manitoba. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD Aboriginal participation is desired but bids will not be disqualified if there is no Aboriginal business participation. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS DIRECTORY Manitoba has established a directory of Aboriginal businesses called the "Aboriginal Business Directory". This directory is a list of Aboriginal businesses (including non profit organizations and economic development corporations) that have self declared as an Aboriginal Business meeting that definition under the API. It is neither comprehensive nor exhaustive but may be a useful resource to identifying Aboriginal businesses for potential partnering or sub-contracting purposes. Aboriginal businesses not listed in the Directory may also be used. Registration in the Aboriginal Business Directory does not guarantee certification as an Aboriginal business, as business status may change; therefore formal certification is required in the formal tender process. Aboriginal businesses are encouraged to register by contacting Procurement Services Branch. For further information on the aboriginal Business Directory, registration forms and access to a copy of the Aboriginal Business Directory please see the following website: URL_TAG For specific inquires related to the Aboriginal Business Directory please contact: Mark Freedman Vendor relations Coordinator Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation 2nd floor # 270 Osborne Street N. Winnipeg, Manitoba Ph. 204-945-0826 Fax: 204-945-1455 Email: EMAIL_TAG For all other general inquiries related to this tender opportunity, please contact the name of the individual(s) identified on page one of this tender document. INVOICING AND PAYMENT Subject to the following subsections, in consideration the goods provided or delivered to the satisfaction of Manitoba, Manitoba shall pay the Contractor an amount not exceeding the amount specified in the successful Contractor's bid submission. All invoices shall be issued in writing and satisfactory to Manitoba in both form and content. The contractor shall also provide to Manitoba such supporting documents, vouchers, statements and receipts as requested by Manitoba. Manitoba shall endeavor to pay the Contractor any fees due within 30 days net after the receipt and approval of the invoice and any supporting materials requested. CANADIAN FUNDS: Manitoba prefers to receive quotations in Canadian funds. If the pricing offered is quoted in a currency other than Canadian then the currency must be clearly identified on the quote document. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE ADDRESS: Due to our computerized accounts payable system please advise if your invoice address (accounts receivable) is the same as the address for orders / quotes shown above YES   or NO   If NO provide complete details i.e. box #, street address, city, province, postal code, etc.  MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX LICENSE: Are you licensed by Manitoba Finance to collect and remit Manitoba's Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO  If NO disregard the following paragraph. MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX: Is the product(s) offered subject to Manitoba's Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO   If the quote consists of both taxable (T) and non-taxable ( NT) items please indicate T or NT opposite each item offered. YOUR QUOTATION REFERENCE # (if applicable)   Proposed Delivery Address: DELIVERY ADDRESS: TO BE ADVISED TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO: Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Transportation and Government Services 2nd Flr - 270 Osborne St. N. Winnipeg, MB, Canada. POSTALCODE_TAG (or)FAX quote toPHONENUMBER_TAG 
39123.txt	1 TON 4X4 CAB AND CHASSIS TRUCK 1 TON 4X4 CAB AND CHASSIS TRUCK SPECIFICATION #'S: PHONENUMBER_TAG-CC - 4 PAGES PHONENUMBER_TAG-B - 1 PAGE PHONENUMBER_TAG-G - 1 PAGE PHONENUMBER_TAG-P - 1 PAGE TOTAL - 7 PAGES APPENDIX "A" ATTACHED, 7 PAGE(S), SHALL BE COMPLETED IN FULL AND RETURNED WITH THE TENDER DOCUMENTS. FAILURE TO DO SO MAY RESULT IN THE BID BEING REJECTED. THIS TENDER WILL BE PUBLICLY OPENED AT: GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY 30 STRAWBERRY MARSH ROAD ST. JOHN'S, NL, CANADA POSTALCODE_TAG AT THE TIME AND DATE INDICATED ON THIS DOCUMENT TENDER SHALL BE OPENED AT 11:45 AM, JANUARY 11, 2012 DELIVERY REQUIRED ON OR BEFORE 4:00 PM, MARCH 30, 2012 UNLESS STATED OTHERWISE IN THE INVITATION, BIDS MUST REMAIN OPEN AND ARE IRREVOCABLE FOR A PERIOD OF 90 DAYS AFTER THE INVITATION CLOSING DATE PRICES QUOTED ARE TO BE EXCLUSIVE OF HST AND GST. EFFECTIVE APRIL 1, 1997, GOVERNMENT WILL NOT BE EXEMPT FROM THE HARMONIZED SALES TAX (H.S.T.) OR THE GOODS AND SERVICES TAX (G.S.T.). APPLICABLE TAXES WILL BE APPLIED AT INVOICING STAGE. HST NUMBER: 107442683 DISREGARD TAX COLUMN ON THIS PAGE UNSIGNED TENDERS/RFQ's SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED THE "ATLANTIC PROVINCES STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS" APPLY TO THIS TENDER/RFQ AND MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY, OR BY WAY OF THE INTERNET AT: WWW.GPA.GOV.NL YOU ARE REQUIRED TO SUPPLY UP TO DATE MATERIAL SAFETY DATA SHEETS   APPLICABLE TO ANYTHING REGULATED UNDER TRANSPORTATION OF DANGEROUS GOODS, OR THE SHIPMENT CANNOT BE ACCEPTED. PRICES QUOTED SHALL BE IN CANADIAN FUNDS EXTERNAL ATTACHMENTS EXIST FOR THIS TENDER. IF YOU HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE ATTACHMENTS DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT, YOU MAY LOG ON TO WWW.GOV.NL.CA/TENDERS OR CALL GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY AT PHONENUMBER_TAG. FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THIS TENDER PLEASE CALL MIKE MARTIN AT PHONENUMBER_TAG OR FAX AT PHONENUMBER_TAG RESPONSES MAY BE RETURNED BY FAX AT PHONENUMBER_TAG UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED HEREIN. TENDER OR QUOTATION DOCUMENTS SUBMITTED BY FACSIMILE MUST BE RECEIVED "IN FULL" AT THE GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY BY THE SPECIFIED CLOSING TIME. DOCUMENTS IN TRANSMISSION AFTER THE CLOSING TIME WILL BE CONSIDERED LATE TENDERS OR QUOTATIONS. UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED IN THIS DOCUMENT, PRICES QUOTED SHALL BE FOB DESTINATION. THIS PROCUREMENT OPPORTUNITY IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT ON INTERNAL TRADE AND THE ATLANTIC PROCUREMENT AGREEMENT. INQUIRIES ADDRESS ALL INQUIRIES IN WRITING TO MIKE MARTIN. INVITATION NUMBER IS TO BE QUOTED ON ALL CORRESPONDENCE. FORWARD TO: GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY, 30 STRAWBERRY MARSH ROAD, ST. JOHN'S, NL, POSTALCODE_TAG OR BY FAX TO PHONENUMBER_TAG. VERBAL RESPONSES TO INQUIRIES SHALL NOT BE BINDING UPON EITHER PARTY. QUESTIONS SHALL BE ANSWERED IN WRITING IN THE FORM OF ADDENDA. TO ENSURE CONSISTENCY AND QUALITY IN THE INFORMATION PROVIDED TO BIDDERS THE GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY SHALL PROVIDE, BY WAY OF AMENDMENT TO THIS TENDER IN THE FORM OF AN ADDENDUM TO ALL BIDDERS WHO HAVE REGISTERED TO RECEIVE AMENDMENTS, ANY RELEVANT INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO THE TENDER INQUIRIES RECEIVED IN WRITING WITHOUT REVEALING THE SOURCE OF THOSE INQUIRIES. BIDDERS ARE CAUTIONED THAT IT IS THEIR RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE THAT THEY RECEIVE ALL INFORMATION RELEVANT TO THIS TENDER. THE OWNER SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR BIDDERS WHO FAIL TO INFORM THEMSELVES REGARDING THE SCOPE AND NATURE OF THE WORK. GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY SHALL PUBLISH ALL AMENDMENTS TO THE TENDERING WEBSITE AT WWW.GPA.GOV.NL.CA . SUPPLIERS MAY REGISTER ON THE TENDERING WEBSITE TO RECEIVE AMENDMENTS AUTOMATICALLY THROUGH EMAIL OR FAX. SUPPLIERS NOT REGISTERED TO RECEIVE AMENDMENTS ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THEY ARE AWARE OF AND HAVE COMPLIED WITH ALL AMENDMENTS BY TENDER CLOSING TIME. Line NO: Item NO./Description Quantity / UOM Unit Price Extended Tax 1 1 Ton Cab & Chassis 4 x 4, Spec #PHONENUMBER_TAG-CC, Replaces 3310, TBA2009-A0121. Delivery on or before May 31-2012 1 EACH Note: In order to be notified of amendments  to this tender, suppliers must go directly  to the Newfoundland government tendering web site at URL_TAG and register to receive amendments for this tender  document. 
29513.txt	ANALYZER,SPECTRUM Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: ANALYZER,SPECTRUM W8482-129568/A Line1, GSIN:N6625, NSN:6625-98-207-0246, ANALYZER, SPECTRUM, OVERALL LENGTH: 148 MILLIMETERS NOMINAL OVERALL HEIGHT: 60 MILLIMETERS NOMINAL OVERALL WIDTH: 252 MILIMETERS NOMIDAL DC VOLTAGE RATING: 7.4 VOLTS NOMINAL FREQUENCY RATING: 40 KILOHERTZ MAXIMUM FREQUENCY RANGE RATING: 0 TO 40 KILOHERTZ END ITEM IDENTIFICATION: DYNAMIC VIBRATION ANALYSIS FURNISHED ITEMS AND QUANTITY 2 ACCELEROMETERS LASER SENSOR TACHOMETER KIT FREQUENCY BAND QUANTITY 21 FREQUENCY CHANNEL QUANTITY 2 UNIT TYPE: VIBRATION MOUNTING METHOD CASE: MOUNTED PORTABLE RECORDING DEVICE TYPE: ELECTRONIC VIDEO CATHO PART: VB7 NSMC: E3325 - COMMTEST INSTRUMENTS LTD, PART: KTV70224 NSMC: E3325 - COMMTEST INSTRUMENTS LTD, Quantity:3, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates: On or before January 31, 2012 Destination:CFB ESQUIMALT, VICTORIA BC OR EQUIVALENT: ; PROPOSED MANUFACTURER: ; Line2, GSIN:N6625, NSN:6625-98-207-0246, ANALYZER, SPECTRUM, OVERALL LENGTH: 148 MILLIMETERS NOMINAL OVERALL HEIGHT: 60 MILLIMETERS NOMINAL OVERALL WIDTH: 252 MILIMETERS NOMIDAL DC VOLTAGE RATING: 7.4 VOLTS NOMINAL FREQUENCY RATING: 40 KILOHERTZ MAXIMUM FREQUENCY RANGE RATING: 0 TO 40 KILOHERTZ END ITEM IDENTIFICATION: DYNAMIC VIBRATION ANALYSIS FURNISHED ITEMS AND QUANTITY 2 ACCELEROMETERS LASER SENSOR TACHOMETER KIT FREQUENCY BAND QUANTITY 21 FREQUENCY CHANNEL QUANTITY 2 UNIT TYPE: VIBRATION MOUNTING METHOD CASE: MOUNTED PORTABLE RECORDING DEVICE TYPE: ELECTRONIC VIDEO CATHO PART: VB7 NSMC: E3325 - COMMTEST INSTRUMENTS LTD, PART: KTV70224 NSMC: E3325 - COMMTEST INSTRUMENTS LTD, Quantity:3, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates: On or before January 31, 2012 Destination:CFB HALIFAX NS OR EQUIVALENT: ; PROPOSED MANUFACTURER: ; Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Tremblay, Marthe 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35918.txt	Environmental Sensing System Maintenance and Support Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Environmental Sensing System Maintenance and Support The Department of National Defence has a requirement for the Maintenance and Support of the ES Systems that make up DND Project Polar Epsilon's Environmental Sensing (ES) Capability. The ES capability uses TERRA and AQUA Earth observation satellites to receive and process moderate resolution imaging spectroradiometer (MODIS) data to recover ocean colour and sea surface temperature products. The systems are located on both coasts, ES - East and ES - West. This Maintenance and Support requirement includes a Firm Component and an "As and when requested" Component. The Firm Component includes all the activities required to maintain the operational state and currency of the ES Systems, as well as, acheive a system availability requirement of 95%. These activities include: Preventative and Corrective Maintenance of the hardware and software components of the ES Systems; Spares procurement and management; Repair and overhaul of failed components; Technical and Engineering Support via telephone and email; and Configuration Management. The "As and When Requested" Component includes Work requested by DND in an approved Task Authorization for: upgrades and enhancements to the ES capability; studies of the ES capability; and On-site Training. Studies of the ES System, or upgrades and enhancements to the ES System that are required to maintain the operational state and currency of the ES Systems and acheive the system availability requirement of 95% are considered part of the Firm Component. The period of the contract is from March 1, 2012 to February 28, 2014 with three (3) option periods of one (1) year each. There is a security requirement associated with this requirement. For additional information, consult Part 6 - Security, Financial and Other Requirements, and Part 7 - Resulting Contract Clauses. Bidders should consult the "Security Requirements for PWGSC Bid Solicitations - Instructions for Bidders" URL_TAG document on the Departmental Standard Procurement Documents Web site. The requirement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT). The requirement is not subject to the provisions of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Trade (WTO-AGP), the Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA), or the Canada-Columbia Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA). The Mandatory technical criteria includes the following: M.1. On date of bid closing, the Bidder must have a minimum of twelve (12) months experience providing preventive and corrective maintenance of one satellite ground system that receive and process data within the last five (5) years. M.2. The Bidder has provided a Maintenance Support Management Plan which includes a detail preventive maintenance plan that was used in the system described under M.1. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Murray, Peter 11C1, Phase III Place du Portage 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
36927.txt	Advertised AND DOWNLOADABLE ONLY on the Metro Vancouver website URL_TAG RFQ No. 11-186 Metro Vancouver Head Office Reinforcing of the Loading Bay Concrete Slab Information for Respondents Metro Vancouver, through Greater Vancouver Water District (the "Corporation ") invites submissions (the "Response") to this Request for Qualifications (the "RFQ") from experienced general contractors (the "Respondents") for Metro Vancouver Hea d Office Reinforcing of the Loading Bay Concrete Slab, 4330 Kingsway, Burnaby, BC. M re specifically, the intent of this RFQ is to short-list up to five (5) Respon dents to participate in a Tender for Metro Vancouver Head Office Reinforcing of the Loading Bay Concrete Slab (the "Project"). SCOPE: The Greater Vancouver Water District, hereinafter referred to as the "Corpo ration", invites Responses from those interested in providing general contracting co nstruction services for Metro Vancouver Head Office Reinforcing of the Loading Bay Con crete Slab. This Project covers the structural reinforcing of a suspended, reinforced c ncrete slab by installing structural steel members at the slab soffit at the loading bay a rea at 4330 Kingsway Metro Vancouver Head Office. Respondents are advised that the City of Burnaby Noise or Sound Abatement By-law shall be observed at all times during the c urse of construction. Request for Qualification documents may be viewed at or obtained from the M etro Vancouver Purchasing Department, 5th Floor, 4330 Kingsway, Burnaby, BC, Tel. (604) 43 2-6326. This RFQ may also be downloaded directly from the Metro Vancouver website at URL_TAG . Please return one printed unbound Response, clearly marked original, togeth er with three (3) bound printed copies of the Response in a sealed package bearing the na me of the Respon Jobert Gatpandan Greater Vancouver Regional District (Metro Vancouver) 4330 Kingsway Burnaby British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Contact : Jobert Gatpandan Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : BC Adresse Web : URL_TAG
31711.txt	Automated External Defibrillators and Related Components for the Ontario Provincial Police This Request for Proposals ("RFP") is an invitation to prospective Proponents to submit Proposals for the provision of Automated External Defibrillators and Related Components (AEDs) to the Ontario Provincial Police. This RFP is issued by Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario as represented by the Minister of Community Safety and Correctional Services (the "Ministry"). The Selected Proponent will be required to enter into an agreement with the Ministry for a period of two (2) years with an option in favour of the Ministry to extend the agreement on the same terms and conditions for an additional term of up to one (1) year. The purpose of this RFP is to establish a Contract with the Supplier for the supply and delivery of AEDs and related components to Ontario Provincial Police ("OPP") locations across the Province of Ontario on an as-and-when required basis during the Term of the Agreement. The AED Package to be provided under the Contract shall, at a minimum, consist of the following components a) to f): a) 1 AED b) 1 response aid kit. At a minimum, kit shall include antiseptic wipes, CPR mask, disposable razor, medical shears/scissors (suitable to cut away clothing), 5 pair of disposable gloves (non-latex) and two (2) sets of adult defibrillator pads.  c) Carry case that allows the AED and response aid kit to be transported together as 1 unit. d) 1 wall mount enclosed cabinet with mounting hardware (for both drywall and concrete walls) e) 1 wall mount AED location sign with mounting hardware (for both drywall and concrete walls)  f) AED operating and maintenance manual (hard copy and electronic format. Electronic format to be provided with the AED Package or available via the Supplier's website)  The AED Package product specifications and performance requirements are set out in Appendix H of the RFP The estimated total requirement over the Term of the Agreement (two year term plus one year extension at the Ministry's option) is up to approximately two hundred and sixty-five (265) of the above noted AED Package. Upon contract execution, the OPP anticipates placing an initial order for up to two hundred and seven (207) AED Packages to be delivered to OPP locations across the Province of Ontario.   Titre de la demande de x Fourniture de défibrillateurs externes automatisés et de pièces connexes à la Police provinciale de l'Ontario Étendue des travaux Cette demande de propositions (DP) est une invitation aux proposants intéressés à soumettre des propositions pour la fourniture de défibrillateurs externes automatisés et des pièces connexes (« DEA ») à la Police provinciale de l'Ontario. Cette DP est émise par Sa Majesté la Reine du chef de l'Ontario représentée le ministère de la Sécurité communautaire et des Services correctionnels (« le ministère »). Le proposant sélectionné devra conclure une entente avec le ministère pour une période de deux (2) ans, avec la possibilité, en faveur du ministère, de prolonger l'entente d'au plus une année additionnelle. Il est prévu que cette entente sera conclue vers le mois de janvier 2012. Le ministère estime que la demande totale, au cours de la durée de cette entente (y compris son option de prolongation), sera d'environ 264 DEA qui devront être livrés à des postes de la Police provinciale à divers endroits de la province de l'Ontario. Date de lancement AAAA/MM/JJ 2011/11/01 Date limite pour les questions des soumissionnaires/proposants AAAA/MM/JJ 2011/11/14 Date limite pour les addenda  AAAA/MM/JJ 2011/11/17 Date limite pour les soumissions/propositions AAAA/MM/JJ 11 h 00 (heure de Toronto (Ontario)), le 24 novembre 2011 Lieu : Gestion de la chaîne d'approvisionnement Bureau d'administration des appels d'offres 700, avenue University, 6e étage Toronto (Ontario) POSTALCODE_TAG * Le calendrier pour les demandes de soumissions est provisoire et peut être modifié par le ministère à sa discrétion exclusive, n'importe quand avant la date limite pour les soumissions/propositions. 
35492.txt	Combination Convection Oven/Steamer-Cleveland OGB 10.20 To view and download the tender document please visit: URL_TAGsing current tenders and proposals 
35453.txt	Opportunity Description: Alberta Tourism, Parks and Recreation is seeking bids to supply all labour, equipment and materials necessary to remove land slide material located on and beside Lakeview Drive, Elkwater, Alberta and transport this material 4 kilometres to a designated disposal site within Cypress Hills Inter-Provincial Park. The contract will also include the regrading and reshaping of the slopes and ditches as per the consultants drawings.
31149.txt	Alberta Sustainable Resource Development (SRD) is extending an invitation to interested parties (Vendors), to participate in a Request for Proposal (RFP) related to the purchase of a license to acquire and use LiDAR imagery that may originate from the Vendors databanks (in-house libraries) as identified within this proposal, as per the specifications and delivery requirements provided. It is understood that not all priority areas may be available from one vendor, which may result in multiple contracts with several vendors. Contact : Doug Knight Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
39274.txt	Washers & Dryers Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TITLE: WASHERS AND DRYERS Requirement: Provide, deliver and install ten (10) electric washers and ten (10) natural gas dryer, stackable, industrial-type to Regional Cadet Support Unit- Eastern Region (RCSU-East), Ministry of national Defence - Valcartier Garrison. and Provide, deliver and install thirty-three (33) electric washers and thirty-four (34) natural gas dryer, commercial-type, to Land Force Quebec Area Training Center (LFQATC), Departement of National Defence - Valcartier Garrison. Evaluation Method This Request for Proposal is for the acquisition of two (2) groups of washers and dryers (A and B). Two separate evaluations will be conducted, one for Group A and one for Group B. Any interested bidder may submit a bid for only one of the two (2) groups (A or B) or both groups (A and B). The responsive bid with the lowest evaluated price for each group will be recommended for award of a contract. A maximum of two (2) contracts will be awarded. Delivery Adresses Regional Cadet Support Unit- Eastern Region (RCSU-East) Builing CC115 Valcartier garrison Courcelette, Qc, POSTALCODE_TAG Land Force Quebec Area Training Center (LFQATC) Camp Vimy Valcartier garrison Courcelette, Qc, POSTALCODE_TAG Delivery Date All the deliverables must be received on or before March 30, 2012. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Champoux, Nicolas 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Quebéc POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28227.txt	Opportunity Description: Category A - Group Life and Long Term Disability Insurance  Category B - Group and Voluntary AD&D Insurance 
31192.txt	Leasing Arrangement to Finance Audio Visual Equipment  Leasing Arrangement to Finance Audio Visual Equipment  for the New Rotman School of Management Building This Request for Proposals ("RFP") is an invitation by the University of Toronto (the "University") to prospective proponents to submit proposals for the provision of leasing financing for the University's purchase of audio visual equipment for its new Rotman School of Management building, as further described in Part 2 – The Deliverables (the "Deliverables").  
36928.txt	Self-registration in EES Directory for Forest Road Consulting Services. All consultants who wish to provide professional and technical services to the Ministry of Forests, Lands and Natural Resource Operations for road engineering activit ies within Timber Pricing and Operations Division or BC Timber Sales must be registere d in the ministry's provincial Engineering Equipment and Services (EES) directory. For self- registration instructions, go to the Engineering Branch web page at: URL_TAG hth/engineering/systems links.htm and click on BC Bid instructions unde r Step 2. Turnbull, Linda Ministry of Forests, Lands and Natural Resource Operations 3rd Floor, 1520 Blanshard Street PO Box 9525 Stn Prov Govt Victoria British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Contact : Turnbull, Linda Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : BC Adresse Web : URL_TAG
39116.txt	Support to the Ethics Secretariat Project The Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA) is seeking to retain the services of a Consultant to act as the Canadian Executing Agency (CEA) for the provision of technical assistance for the ‘Support to the Ethics Secretariat Project' in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. The goals of the project are to: improve ethical leadership in Tanzania; improve performance of the Ethics Secretariat (ES) to enforce the Public Leadership Code of Ethics (PLCE); and reduce conflict of interest among public leaders. The project is expected to result in: 1) Enhanced systems within the Ethics Secretariat for planning, monitoring and management, including for gender equality mainstreaming; 2) Enhanced capacity of the Ethics Secretariat to enforce standards of ethical behaviour and conduct by public leaders in accordance with the law and provisions of the PLCE; and 3) Enhanced Government of Tanzania systems to prevent the occurrence of conflict of interest among public leaders. The purpose of this notice is to invite formal costed proposals from eligible Consultants. On the basis of the formal proposals, one Consultant will be invited to negotiate a contract for the provision of services. CIDA reserves the right to refuse any or all proposals received. The amount allocated to this contract will not exceed one million nine hundred and seventy thousand Canadian dollars (CDN$1,970,000), including a provision for inflation and excluding the Goods and Services Tax (GST) or Harmonized Sales Tax (HST). The anticipated contract duration is three (3) years (2012/13 – 2014/15). WORKING LANGUAGE OF THE PROJECT As the recipient country requests communications with CIDA in English, the working language for this project is English. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES The Consultant, acting as the Canadian Executing Agency (CEA), will collaborate closely with the Ethics Secretariat to support the implementation of the project. The Consultant will provide technical assistance to the ES to achieve the expected results of the project. More specifically, the Consultant will: · Source and deploy high quality professional resources to provide technical assistance services required for the project; · Ensure that skills and knowledge are transferred to build the capacity of the Ethics Secretariat and its direct beneficiaries; · Ensure that implementation of the project in support of the Ethics Secretariat is managed in an optimal manner to facilitate the achievement of expected results; · Take informed and timely action, undertake appropriate cost-effectiveness and resource utilization measures and manage for development results and their sustainability; · Follow sound management, monitoring and evaluation approaches; · Foster and engage partners in order to help ensure that development efforts are relevant to local needs and suitably understood; and · Work effectively and collaboratively with the Ethics Secretariat as the key partner in the implementation of the project (including the joint development of quality annual work plans). The Consultant project team should consist of up to three (3) individuals to fill the roles of International Technical Advisors and the Field Project Director positions. It is expected that the Field Project Director will assume the combined role of one of the International Technical Advisors. The Field Project Director/International Technical Advisor and the International Technical Advisors can be of any nationality, including Tanzanian. CONSULTANT PROFILE To meet the requirement of the assignment, CIDA is seeking to retain the services of a Consultant with a set of demonstrated and verifiable capabilities. CIDA is seeking a Consultant with: 1. Experience in managing and implementing institutional development or capacity building projects of a similar scope and complexity. 2. Experience working in areas such as: · Conflict of interest or anti-corruption; · Accountability or oversight; · Asset declaration management; · Conflict of interest prevention; and · Investigations. 3. Experience working in developing countries, preferably in Sub-Saharan Africa, and ideally in Tanzania. INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS Proposals should follow the CIDA standard format for presentation described in the Request For Proposal document to be obtained through the MERX service on the Internet URL_TAG In order to be considered, proposals must be completed and received no later than 14:00 hrs, Eastern Standard Time (EST), on the closing date, CIDA Bid Receiving Unit, at the Central Mail Room, 1st Floor, 200 Promenade du Portage, Gatineau, Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG. PROPOSALS SUBMITTED VIA FACSIMILE WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. INQUIRIES Questions relating to this notice must be directed IN WRITING to: Andrea Gaw Canadian International Development Agency 200 Promenade du Portage Gatineau, Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: 819-953-8606 
35444.txt	Opportunity Description: The City of Red Deer is inviting qualified proponents to submit a proposal to complete an integrated solid Waste Management Master Plan.
37214.txt	DOORS, DOOR KNOBS Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: ITEM 1: Door knobs; Type: Privacy; Lock Backset: 2 3/4"; Quantity:2000; Unit of Issue:Each. ITEM 2: Exterior steel door; Size: Non-Standard 33 3/4" x 78" x 1 3/4"; Colour: Primed White; Steel: 24 gauge; Hole: 2 (door knob and deadbolt); Slab Style: Flat front and back, no mouldings; Misc.: Insulated inner core with polyurethane foam, no sweeps, no hinges, no hinges cut-outs; Quantity:100; Unit of Issue:Each; ITEM 3: Hollow doors; Size: 30" x 80" x 1 3/4"; High density fibre board exterior panels; Door knob hole can be left or right handed; Design/Colour are not important; Quantity:300; Unit of Issue:Each All items are to be delivered within 50 kilometers of the National Capital Region as soon as possible. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Martin, Erik 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 7A2, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37279.txt	locating, marking and mapping underground water infrastructure services Description: locating, marking and mapping underground water infrastructure services Quotations are invited for the non exclusive supply of all labour, equipment and materials necessary for locating, marking and mapping underground water infrastructure in any location north of highway 401 (including highway 401) to the boundaries of the City of Toronto from the date of award for a one (1) year period. Issue date: December 9, 2011 Closing date: January 3, 2012 at 12:00 Noon Notes: Viewing Copy 9117-11-7316 Viewing Copy.pdf (566 Kbytes) - Posted on 12/09/2011 04:32:10 PM The addenda and/or other files listed above are included with the Call Document purchase price but must be downloaded as separate documents. To view the document, click on its filename. To save it to your workstation, right-click on the document's filename, then select "Save Target As..." (or "Save Link As...").Get Acrobat Buyer: Phillips, Allison Phone number: 416-397-4825 Email: EMAIL_TAG Location: City Hall, 19th Floor West Tower Client Division: Toronto Water   Non-refundable document fee:  $50.00 + 6.50 HST = $56.50  Security deposit:  Yes Scope of work: The Scope of Work includes but is not limited to the following. Quotations are invited for the non-exclusive supply of all labour, materials, and equipment for locating, marking and mapping underground water infrastructure in any location north of highway 401 (including highway 401) to the boundaries of the City of Toronto for the City of Toronto's Toronto Water Division from the date of award for a one (1) year period MANDATORY QUALIFICATIONS In addition to its obligations under the Agreement, the Locate Service Provider (LSP) represents and warrants that all Locators and any administrative or office staff that perform any portion of the services, or perform other functions in support of the services on behalf of the LSP must be competent and trained in all applicable Locate training policies, procedures, and specifications (including the National Utility Locating Contractors Association & Locate Alliance Consortium courses). Refer to Ontario Regional Common Ground Alliance (ORCGA) Best Practice 3-5. Locators must also be familiar with all ORCGA Best Practices with special attention paid to section 3: Locating and Marking. An ORCGA Damage Prevention Technician (DPT) competency assessment or equivalent must be completed for each Locator prior to completing any Locates for the LAC and annually thereafter. A record of all training and assessments must be kept in the employee's file at the LSP office and be available for review by the City of Toronto. The LSP must continue to be required to perform its work in accordance with the Agreement, all relevant provincial/federal statutes and regulations, and all applicable Facility Owner policies and procedures. Bidders must provide two (2) references for whom the Bidder has satisfactorily provided similar locating, marking and mapping underground water infrastructure services in the past two (2) years. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS Standard Request The Locate Service Provider (LSP) must use every reasonable effort to complete all Standard Requests and to provide the Locate sheet to the Excavator within four (4) Business Days of the request, or one (1) business day prior to the Work to Begin Date if the Work to Begin Date is greater than four days from the request. Emergency Requests Emergency Requests must be arrived at (a) within two (2) hours of the LSP's receipt of the Emergency Request; or (b) as set out in the Locate Request. Priority Requests Priority Requests must be completed and the Locate sheet provided to the Excavator within twenty-four (24) hours of the LSP's receipt of the Priority Request unless otherwise agreed to by both parties. Please visit URL_TAG for additional information.  MERX asks that you contact the buying agency directly to obtain associated documents.  The contact information can be found within  the notice abstract. 
27699.txt	Opportunity Description: Build and supply one (1) Wildland fire apparatus with 1000L tank and 35CFM CAFS Unit, with pump panel. Conventional style engine forward single axle chassis with crew cab. Full emergency lightning package, fully equipped and out fitted for service, with delivery and instructions required. Bid can include Apparatus with or without accessory equipment.   Please see Specifications for details and Instructions to Tenderers 
31223.txt	The University of Alberta is seeking proposals for Custodial Services within The Saville Community Sports Centre for the GO Community Centre Component Contact : Jenn Campbell Téléphone : 780-492-8213 Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
28651.txt	Request for standing offer for Volvo/Champion grader parts. Request for standing offer for Volvo/Champion grader parts. Department / Agency Name Transportation and Infrastructure Renewal Closing Closing on Monday, October 31, 2011 at 10:00 AM AST. Location: Public Tenders Office, 6176 Young Street, Suite 200, Halifax, NS POSTALCODE_TAG Opening Opening on Monday, October 31, 2011 at 10:30 AM AST. Location: same as close location Posted 14 October 2011 Trade Agreement Agreement on Internal Trade Category Goods: Y | Services: N | Construction: N Pickup Fee N/A Addendum N Addendum Notes  Contact Public Tenders Office, TelPHONENUMBER_TAG, FaxPHONENUMBER_TAG or Website URL_TAG Memorandum Department Contact: Jeff Dyke PHONENUMBER_TAG Awarded Date  Awarded Amount  Awarded Vendor  Award Memo  Bid Express This tender is listed only on Nova Scotia Procurement Services website. Note: All amendments to the associated document  are issued by the originator of the RFP.  MERX asks you to contact the government  agency directly for these amendments.  The contact information can be found within  the main tender document. 
28605.txt	Chemical Products Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: W0105-11V030/A  This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages of Canada. Chemical Products REQUIREMENT: Requesting a standing offer for the supply and delivery of «Chemical Products» to Department of National Defence to the Water Treatment Plant and the Waste Water Plant (approximately 5 to 6 kilometers apart) at CFB Gagetown in Oromocto, New Brunswick on an "as and when requested" basis for the period from the date of award to 30 November, 2012 inclusive. Total Estimated cost for this Requirement is $250,000.00 Canadian Dollars (Goods and Services Tax or Harmonized Sales Tax excluded). PRICING: Bidders must provide pricing as per attached Annex "A", Basis of Payment, the Pricing Sheets - List of Product as per the mandatory specifications. MANDATORY DELIVERY REQUIREMENT: The supplier or a designated representative will be responsible and MUST give DND (24) hour advance notice of the specific date to expect delivery of products. This is to ensure that DND has someone available that day at all times to receive shipment with the necessary equipment to unload if required. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Drisdelle, Charlotte J. 1045 Main Street 1st Floor, Lobby C Unit 108 Moncton, NB POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39267.txt	FURNITURE SYSTEMS AND FREESTANDING FURNITURE Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: This requirement is for the provision of site condition inspections and installation drawings and for the supply, delivery and installation of modular work units, comprising of a variety of interconnecting panel systems, freestanding elements and storage within closed offices or personal work spaces complete with wire management and electrical capacity to 455 Boulevard de la Carrière, Gatineau, QC on behalf of PWGSC Canada for the Department of National Defence. Delivery of the goods will be in a phased approach over the period planned to be March 2012 to August 2012. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Gauthier, Claire 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
34167.txt	Monthy Fire Extinguisher Inspection and Service REQUEST FOR TENDER T12-099 FOR MONTHLY FIRE EXTINGUISHER INSPECTION  AND SERVICE CLOSING DATE: Monday December 5, 2011 at 3:00 pm (Local Time) CLOSING LOCATION:  York University – Keele Campus 4700 Keele Street Procurement Services, Finance Division East Office Building, Suite B 139 Ottawa Road Toronto, ON POSTALCODE_TAG CAMPUS MAP AVAILABLE ONLINE AT: URL_TAG MAIN WEB ADDRESS: URL_TAG  
35514.txt	Paper Cutter -AB The Purchaser has a requirement for a 115cm programmable guillotine paper cutter. URL_TAG 
35489.txt	Fund Raising Consultant Waypoint Centre for Mental Health Care is inviting firms to submit a proposal for the provision of Fund Raising Planning Services.  Waypoint Centre for Mental Health Care was divested from the Ontario government to a public hospital, sponsored by the Catholic Health Corporation of Ontario in December 2008. Charitable status was received on April 1, 2009. 
27709.txt	Opportunity Description: CHC seeks the services of a qualified Contractor to replace flooring in the common areas of two CHC properties.
35506.txt	Improvement District Administration Contractor for ID No. 4 (Waterton Lakes National Park) An Improvement District (ID) is formed by the Lieutenant Governor in Council as recommended by the Minister of Municipal Affairs and the responsibilities of the Improvement District Council (ID Council) are set out in Municipal Government Act RSA 2000c. M -38 (MGA) - Part 15 and as delegated to the ID's council by Ministerial Order No. L:144/01 (attached). An important function of an ID is the taxation and assessment process. The collection of taxes is of primary importance to the province as it is through the property taxation that funds are collected for the cost of administering the ID. Improvement District No. 4 is located within the Waterton Lakes National Park and this requires regular contact with Parks Canada concerning the delivery of municipal services and the application and coordination of grant funding for the ID. Often there is overlap in service responsibility and it is imperative that a smooth working relationship be maintained. The ID requires the services of an "Improvement District Administrator" as set out in Appendix B to this RFP. The successful Proponent will be working out of its own office and will be responsible for the overall management of the ID. The Improvement District Administrator/Contractor will report directly to the Director of the Province's Capacity Building Unit, Municipal Services Branch. The monthly reports may be in an email format, as well copies of the draft and approved minutes must be sent to the Province. URL_TAG 
31216.txt	Opportunity Description: This Tender is for a Professional Services Agreement for consultation and facilitation regarding the Grade 5 Wetland Field Trip Program. The term of this agreement will be for a seasonal period of approximately 6 months. The City will have the option to extend the term, in its sole discretion, for 2 additional seasonal periods.
39140.txt	Uniform Shirts and Pants Project Overview The Purchaser has a requirement for pants and shirts which form part of the uniform worn by Alberta Fish and Wildlife Officers. They will be worn in all seasons and sometimes in extreme conditions. The officers conduct a large portion of their work from ATV's and boats. All questions relative to this notice must be directed to Joy Tomek, Purchasing Officer at PHONENUMBER_TAG. This procurement is subject to Chapter 5 (Procurement) and the MASH Annex of the Agreement on Internal Trade URL_TAG 
35478.txt	RFI for a Bone Mineral Density (BMD) Reporting Tool This Request for Information ("RFI") is issued by Women's College Hospital to gather information related to the provision of a tool for technicians and specialists (Radiologists, Endocrinologists, etc.) to report the results of Bone Mineral Density exams. This tool is also referred to as the "Solution" within this document. The information provided by Respondents will allow Women's College Hospital to gain a better understanding of software and services available in the marketplace to report results of Bone Mineral Density exams. The information gathered will assist Women's College Hospital in understanding the technology solutions currently available for future procurement initiatives. Vendors participating in the RFI will have the opportunity to learn more about Women's College Hospital and the system functionality and services it is seeking in support of its new ambulatory care mandate. Participation in this RFI is not a pre-qualification for procurement, nor a prerequisite to participation in any subsequent request for proposals for Bone Mineral Density reporting systems and related services. The RFI will assist Women's College in its understanding of the what is available in the market, and allow a better understanding of options and opportunities. It is important that vendors understand that this RFI document and process is not to be interpreted or construed as a solicitation for tenders or proposals. No contract or other form of commitment will be entered into with any Respondent based on responses to this RFI, and this RFI is not intended to be a formal legally binding "Contract A" bidding process. This RFI shall not constitute an authorization by Women's College Hospital to undertake any work that would result in any obligation or costs to Women's College Hospital. Women's College Hospital ("Hospital") is the Province of Ontario's first and only stand-alone academic ambulatory hospital dedicated to women's health. Women's College Hospital explores new and better ways to provide care to women and their families throughout every phase of their lives.  For the past 100 years, Women's College Hospital has been dedicated to groundbreaking advances in women's health. Women's College Hospital collaborated in the invention of the Pap test, opened Ontario's first regional Sexual Assault Care Centre and was the first hospital in the province to use mammography. Today, Women's College Hospital is an ambulatory care centre and teaching hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto. Women's College Hospital provides a wide range of innovative programs, surgical services, clinics and services to women and their families. Women's College is building a new hospital to replace current outdated buildings and further its mandate as Ontario's first and only stand-alone academic ambulatory care hospital with a focus on women's health.  In 2008, WCH was contracted by the Ontario Ministry of Health and Long-term Care (MOHLTC) to explore reporting of Bone Mineral Density (BMD) exams in the province. As a part of the contract, research was conducted to analyze the existing character of BMD reports produced both by hospitals and Independent Health Facilities (IHFs). Results indicated variability in 1) the conformation of reports to standards published by The Canadian Association of Radiologists (CAR), and 2) assessment heuristics used to produce estimates of 10-year fracture risk.  WCH is now exploring the potential electronic solutions to facilitate better conformation of reports to standards, and improved reporting of 10-year fracture risk. We are specifically interested in electronic solutions capable of producing: 1. A customizable, BMD specific format for reports (see Appendix 3 of URL_TAG 2. 10 year fracture risk assessments using up to date versions of the CAROC tool (see URL_TAG 3. Diagnoses using criteria published in CAR's National Standard for BMD reports (see Appendix 3 of "Technical Standards for Bone Mineral Densitometry Reporting (2010) " at URL_TAG 4. Batched outputs of reports, to be periodically collected and encoded by the Ministry of Health for the purpose of quality control. 
35485.txt	Rental of Caterpillars without operators Description: Rental of Caterpillars without operators Quotations are invited for the provision of rental services of two (2) Model 906 Caterpillar Front End Loader Tractors and two (2) Model 908 Caterpillar Front End Loader Tractors without operators for a period of four (4) months from the date of award to March 31, 2012 including delivery and pickup, freight charges, clean up of equipment and any miscellaneous charges, to be delivered to various locations, for the City of Toronto Parks, Forestry and Recreation, all in accordance with the provisions and specifications contained in this Request for Quotation (RFQ) and the City of Toronto's Procurement Policies, the attached Schedule "A" - Price Form, and the City of Toronto Fair Wage Policy and Labour Trades Contractual Obligations in the Construction Industry. Issue date: November 29, 2011 Closing date: December 12, 2011 at 12:00 Noon Notes: Viewing Copy 6038-11-3257 Viewing Copy .pdf (372 Kbytes) - Posted on 11/29/2011 12:55:44 PM The addenda and/or other files listed above are included with the Call Document purchase price but must be downloaded as separate documents. To view the document, click on its filename. To save it to your workstation, right-click on the document's filename, then select "Save Target As..." (or "Save Link As...").Get Acrobat Buyer: Andrade, Gui Phone number: 416-397-4808 Email: EMAIL_TAG Location: City Hall, 17th Floor West Tower   Non-refundable document fee:  $25.00 + 3.25 HST = $28.25  Scope of work: The scope of this RFQ includes the provision of rental services of two (2) Model 906 Caterpillar Front End Loader Tractors and two (2) Model 908 Caterpillar Front End Loader Tractors without operators for a period of four (4) months from the date of award to March 31, 2012 including delivery and pickup, freight charges, clean up of equipment and any miscellaneous charges, to be delivered to various locations, for the City of Toronto Parks, Forestry and Recreation, of the Products listed in Schedule "A" – Price Form. RESPONSE REQUIREMENTS Bidders must submit the following with their submissions; Bidders failing to include one or any of the following items will result in the bid being declared non-compliant and will not be considered for award: Bidders must submit one (1) original and should submit one (1) additional hard copy of their Quotation. In the event where there are deviations between the original and any copies, the original hard copy shall prevail. In order for your Bid to be considered, the Bidder must submit pricing on all items listed in Schedule "A" - Price Form. Quotations that do not include pricing on all Products and/or Services listed will be declared non-compliant. QUANTITY Quantities provided are estimates only and should not be interpreted as indicating a minimum or maximum order quantity. The quantities shall be used as a basis for comparison upon which the award of the Quotation will be made. These quantities are not guaranteed to be accurate and are furnished without any liability to the City whether decreased or increased. Additional quantities may be required up to one hundred and twenty (120) days after award at the same prices, terms, and conditions. AWARD It is the intent of the City to award a Contract to one Bidder based on the Bidder meeting specification and providing the lowest grand total cost as shown in Schedule "A" – Price Form. QUALIFICATIONS Bidders must be authorized users of the Products listed in Schedule "A" - Price Form and must hold title or lawfully obtained from an outside source. If requested by the City, Bidders must submit written verification of the authorization satisfactory to the City, prior to award. Failure to submit written verification of authorization satisfactory to the City within five (5) business days of the request by City staff will result in the Quotation being declared non-compliant. Bidders are required to submit a minimum of two (2) references from companies for whom the Bidder has satisfactorily supplied rental services of heavy equipment in the past two (2) years. SPECIFICATIONS For complete information about this RFQ, please see the posted viewing copy. Bidders must provide a quote for Product(s) and/or Service(s) that meet or exceed the minimum specifications and requirements detailed in this RFQ. All specifications are minimum requirements that must be met or exceeded. Bids containing one or more items that do not meet or exceed the minimum specifications will be declared non-compliant. Equipment Required: Two (2) Model 906 Caterpillar Front End Loader Tractors: 2010 or newer Narrow AG Type Tires Blue beacon light Yield Signs Heater and air Defrost Two (2) Model 908 Caterpillar Front End Loader Tractors: 2010 or newer Narrow AG Type Tires Blue beacon light Yield Signs Heater and air Defrost DELIVERY Delivery will be to 50 Booth Avenue in Toronto. The Successful Bidder must guarantee delivery of the Products and/or Services specified in this Request for Quotations within twenty four (24) hours after request from City staff to the delivery location specified by the City. RETURNS FOR PRODUCTS Should the Products fail to work upon arrival, or within two (2) hours of arrival, the successful bidder is to pick up the equipment and delivery one equal unit(s) within six (6) hours or as specified by City staff at no additional cost to the City. PRICING In order for your Bid to be considered, the Bidder must provide pricing on all items listed in Schedule "A" - Price Form. Quotations that do not include pricing on all Products and/or Services listed will be declared non-compliant.  Please visit URL_TAG for additional information.  MERX asks that you contact the buying agency directly to obtain associated documents.  The contact information can be found within  the notice abstract. 
35512.txt	LCD PROJECTORS, SCREENS, VISUAL PRESENTERS AND EXTRON PARTS INVITATION TO TENDER Sealed Tenders are invited from vendors for the supply   NO. DESCRIPTION TMI618 LCD Projectors, Screens, Visual Presenters and Extron parts   Closing Date: December 09, 2011 : 3:00 P.M. LOWEST OR ANY PROPOSAL NOT NECESSARILY ACCEPTED. Sealed tenders will be accepted on or before the time and date stated above and shall be addressed to the: MARINE INSTITUTE OF MEMORIAL UNIVERSITY OF NEWFOUNDLAND Att: Mr. Barry M. Hanlon P.O. BOX 4920 ST. JOHN'S, NL POSTALCODE_TAG 
39150.txt	Microtome Cryostat RFP RFP for purchase and contract of Microtome Cryostat URL_TAG 
28324.txt	Opportunity Description: Work shall consist of approximately:  6000 m3 if cinnib excavation  6200 m2 of turf reinforcement mat (TRM) installation  2200 lin m of synthetic permeable ditch barrier installation  2200 lin m of fiber roll / straw wattle installation 
39282.txt	ALL TERRAIN VEHICLE WHEELED Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: ALL TERRAIN VEHICLE WHEELED W8476-123595/A Robertson, Kim Item 1, GSIN:N2340, NSN:2340219108898, ALL TERRAIN VEHICLE WHEELED, The Department of National Defence has a requirement to purchase three (3) All Terrain Vehicles, Wheeled and related items in accordance with the Purchase Description LIGHT MULTI-PURPOSE 8 WHEELED, AMPHIBIOUS GASOLINE ENGINE VEHICULE dated DECEMBER 2011, and as described at Annex A - Pricing. The requirement includes an option to purchase up to three (3) All Terrain Vehicle Wheeled and related items to be exercised within twelve (12) months from the effective date of the contract., Quantity:3, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:03/30/2012 Debriefings After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of notification that their bid was unsuccessful. The debriefing may be provided in writing, by telephone or in person. Delivery Date: 30/03/2012 The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Robertson, Kim 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37195.txt	DND-VAL Cheese Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: DESCRIPTION: This Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) request involves the provision, on an as and when ordered basis, of Cheese. IDENTIFIED USER: Department of National Defence, various sites of the Valcartier Garrison, Courcelette, province of Quebec. PERIOD OF STANDING PROPOSAL: From February 1, 2012 to January 31, 2013, divided into two (2) six- (6-) month periods. Note: Offers will have to be submitted for each period, as per the schedule in Annex "B". One or more Standing Offers could be issued. DELIVERY: DELIVERY DND-VAL (VARIOUS SITES)  Delivery addresses Delivery hours and specifications Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison Courcelette (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG  Kitchens 505, 510, 511 From Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. Dépôts des rations Units - Building # 188 Door J - (in back) From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 15:00 PM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Frequency may vary according to the units exercise calendar. Camp Vimy From Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. r according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: During the months of May, June, July and August, quantities could double. Cadets kitchen Building CC-119 Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: From May to August, no call-ups will be made. This is a mandatory requirement: Invoices must be sent to the following address: Unité régionale de Soutien aux Cadets (Est) A/S O Alim Adjuc R. Audet C.P. 100 Succursale Bureau-Chef Richelain (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison (Old Quebec)  Citadelle of Québec C-14 and C-18 From Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Due to the dimensions of the entrance to the Citadelle in Old Quebec, the supplier will have to verify that his delivery trucks can access the site. This is a mandatory requirement. From June to Labor Day, no deliveries can be made to the Citadelle site between 9:30 and 11:00 a.m. Pointe-à-Carcy's Naval Reserve From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison (Quebec City)  Manège militaire St-Malo 1020, Vincent-Massé Street Saint-Malo Industrial Park Boulevard Charest Québec (Québec) From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:30 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Between September and May, an average of one delivery per week. Delay: The National Defence representative will place the orders at least fourty-eight (48) hours before delivery date. Emergency services: At all times during the period of the Standing Offer, when "Urgent" requests are made, the offerer (s) will commit to supplying the goods within twenty-four (24) hours following receipt of an order. Back Orders: For all back order items, the supplier will contact the person whose name will appear on the order form, in order to make arrangements. Packaging: The supplier will deliver the goods packed by order, to facilitate dispatch to each consignee. NOTE: For Building CC-119, the invoices must be sent to the following address: Unité régionale de Soutien aux Cadets (Est) A/S O Alim Adjuc R. Audet C.P. 100 Succursale Bureau-Chef Richelain (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG QUANTITIES: The estimated quantities for each of the required items can be found in Annex B - Working Document - List of products. APPROXIMATE SCOPE OF THE STANDING PROPOSAL: The approximate scope of the Standing Proposal is $150,000.00 for the period from February 1, 2012 to January 31, 2013 inclusive. TRADE AGREEMENTS: "The requirement is subject to a preference for Canadian goods and/or services". Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Fournier, Caroline 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec City Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29108.txt	LANDBASED REDREDGING Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: LANDBASED REDREDGING E0225-121651/A Lockyer, Jeff Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) on behalf of the Department of Fisheries and Oceans has the requirement of dredging and disposal of material at Meteghan, Digby County, NS. The work includes, but is not limited to; - Dredging within the harbour basin - Disposal of the dredge material at a designated landbase disposal site INQUIRIES: All inquiries of a technical nature and all questions of a contractual nature are to be submitted to the Contracting Authority: Jeff Lockyer, telephone PHONENUMBER_TAG, facsimile: PHONENUMBER_TAG: email:EMAIL_TAG. Inquiries are to be made in writing and should be received no less than five (5) calendar days prior to the closing date to allow sufficient time to respond. The estimated cost of this procurement is less than < $100,001K This requirement is not subject to any Trade Agreements. This PWGSC office provides procurement services in English. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Lockyer, Jeff 1713 Bedford Row P.O. Box 2247/C.P.2247 Halifax, N.S./Halifax, (N.E.) POSTALCODE_TAG Halifax PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39217.txt	Municipal and School Facilities Waste Collection Services Strathcona County Utilities is inviting Proponents to provide proposals for municipal and school facilities waste collection services County facilities, Recycle Stations and Brush Yard as well as for Elk Island Public Schools and Elk Island Catholic Schools. For more details, please consult the RFP document. URL_TAG 
39277.txt	Carpentry Services SOA Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Carpentry Services SOA W0103-115078/A Anderson, Elaine PWY Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Title: Carpentry Standing Offer, Dept. Of National Defence, CFD Masset, Masset, BC Work Description: Work under this standing offer includes the furnishing of all labour, supervision, travel, materials, tools and equipment necessary to perform carpentry services, maintenance, repairs and upkeep on an as and when requested basis by Dept. Of National Defence, CFB Esquimalt, Victoria, BC. Work to be done at CFD Masset, Masset, BC Work includes but is not limited to: A) demolition of portions of buildings B) rough carpentry C) construct additions and renovations of the buildings D) framing of walls, cribbing concrete forms E) civil work (i.e. Irrigation, perimeter drains, trenching, excavation) F) masonry work (brick, stone, stucco, plaster and concrete) G) installation of insulation H) installation of doors and windows I) installation of hardware J) installation of miscellaneous related materials K) finish carpentry L) finishing with plastic laminate M) installing gypsum board, taping and filling N) installing t-bar ceilings O) custom millwork, cabinets P) interior and exterior painting and protective claddings Q) tile setting R) framing walls (i.e. Steel and wood studs) Period of Standing Offer: From date of authorization to 31 December, 2014 It is anticipated that 1 standing offer will be issued. The standing offers will be issued for a term of three (3) years. The total expenditure is $450,000.00 (HST included). THIS STANDING OFFER CONTAINS A SECURITY REQUIREMENT: Your company and your employees shall require a Reliability Status Security Clearance. Clearance paperwork shall be accomplished between PWGSC and Canadian Industrial Security Division (CISD) and the successful contractor. Site Visit: Contractors are strongly recommended to visit the site prior to submitting a tender for this work and to make enquiries or investigations necessary to become thoroughly acquainted with the site as well as the nature and extent of the work. Tender Enquiries: Elaine Anderson, Supply Specialist PHONENUMBER_TAG. EMAIL_TAG Firm intending to submit proposals for this project should btain documents through the MERX service provider. Addenda when issued will be available from the MERX service provider. Firms that elect to base their bids on tender (solicitation) documents obtained from other sources do so at their own risk and will be solely responsible to inform the tender calling authority on their intention to bid. In all cases, bidders must indicate (when requested) in the space provided on the tender form the identification number(s) of the addenda, if any, that they have taken into consideration for their bid. This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in English. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Anderson, Elaine PWY 800 Burrard Street, 12th floor 800, rue Burrard, 12e êtage Vancouver British C POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39219.txt	DND-VAL Dairy products Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: DESCRIPTION: This Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) request involves the provision, on an as and when ordered basis, of Dairy products. IDENTIFIED USER: Department of National Defence, various sites of the Valcartier Garrison, Courcelette, province of Quebec. PERIOD OF STANDING OFFER: From February 1, 2012 to January 31, 2013 inclusive. One or more Standing Offers could be issued. DELIVERY: DELIVERY DND-VAL (VARIOUS SITES)  Delivery addresses Delivery hours and specifications Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison Courcelette (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG  Kitchens 505, 510, 511 From Monday to Friday, between 5:30 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. Dépôts des rations Units - Building # 188 Door J - (in back) From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 15:00 PM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Frequency may vary according to the units exercise calendar. Camp Vimy From Monday to Friday, between 5:30 AM and 11:00 AM. r according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: During the months of May, June, July and August, quantities could double. Cadets kitchen Building CC-119 Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: From May to August, no call-ups will be made. This is a mandatory requirement: Invoices must be sent to the following address: Unité régionale de Soutien aux Cadets (Est) A/S O Alim Adjuc R. Audet C.P. 100 Succursale Bureau-Chef Richelain (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison (Old Quebec)  Citadelle of Québec C-14 and C-18 From Monday to Friday, between 5:30 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Due to the dimensions of the entrance to the Citadelle in Old Quebec, the supplier will have to verify that his delivery trucks can access the site. This is a mandatory requirement. From June to Labor Day, no deliveries can be made to the Citadelle site between 9:30 and 11:00 a.m. Pointe-à-Carcy's Naval Reserve From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison (Quebec City)  Manège militaire St-Malo 1020, Vincent-Massé Street Saint-Malo Industrial Park Boulevard Charest Québec (Québec) From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:30 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Between September and May, an average of one delivery per week. Delay: The National Defence representative will place the orders at least fourty-eight (48) hours before delivery date. Emergency services: At all times during the period of the Standing Offer, when "Urgent" requests are made, the offerer (s) will commit to supplying the goods within twenty-four (24) hours following receipt of an order. Back Orders: For all back order items, the supplier will contact the person whose name will appear on the order form, in order to make arrangements. Packaging: The supplier will deliver the goods packed by order, to facilitate dispatch to each consignee. NOTE: For Building CC-119, the invoices must be sent to the following address: Unité régionale de Soutien aux Cadets (Est) A/S O Alim Adjuc R. Audet C.P. 100 Succursale Bureau-Chef Richelain (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG QUANTITIES: The estimated quantities for each of the required items can be found in Annex B - Working Document - List of products. APPROXIMATE SCOPE OF THE STANDING OFFER: The approximate scope of the Standing Offer is $450,000.00 for the period from February 1, 2012 to January 31, 2013 inclusive. TRADE AGREEMENTS: "The requirement is subject to a preference for Canadian goods and/or services". Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Fournier, Caroline 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec City Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39223.txt	REPAIR LINE TRUCK Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: If 3+ bids offer Canadian goods/services ther bids will not be considered Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: REPAIR LINE TRUCK W0107-11M010/A Bell, Deborah Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Requirement is for REPAIRS TO THE BOOM ASSEMBLY ONLY, MOUNTED ON 2010 INTERNATIONAL LINE TRUCK CFR 96833, BOOM MODEL PITTMAN P60H-4B Plus DAPC and Platform Serial # 11760310 as detailed in Annex A, for CFB Petawawa. Work to be completed within 25 business days ARO. There will be an Optional Site visit held on Tuesday, January 24, 2012 at 10:00 a.m. at Building H-112, CFB Petawawa. Bidders interested in viewing the line truck are asked to communicate with the PWGSC Contracting Authority no later than 3 days prior to the site visit. Delivery Date: 31/03/2012 The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Bell, Deborah Petawawa Procurement Building S-111 CFB Petawawa Petawawa Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39131.txt	Synthesis of Evidence of the Physiological Need for Cooling to Develop Guidance Description: Synthesis of Evidence of the Physiological Need for Cooling to Develop Guidance For: Synthesis of Evidence of the Physiological Need for Cooling to Develop Guidance for Sufficient Cooling Required to Protect Health Issue date: December 22, 2011 Closing date: January 13, 2012 at 12:00 Noon Notes: Viewing Copy 9119-11-7346 viewing copy.pdf (338 Kbytes) - Posted on 12/22/2011 02:54:16 PM The addenda and/or other files listed above are included with the Call Document purchase price but must be downloaded as separate documents. To view the document, click on its filename. To save it to your workstation, right-click on the document's filename, then select "Save Target As..." (or "Save Link As...").Get Acrobat Buyer: Nguyen, Karen Phone number: 416-397-4806 Email: EMAIL_TAG Location: City Hall, 19th Floor West Tower Client Division: Public Health   Non-refundable document fee:  $25.00 + 3.25 HST = $28.25  Scope of work: The objective of this study is to increase understanding of the physiological need for cooling and its relevance in preventing and responding to heat alerts and heat emergencies. 3.2 Deliverables The Vendor will: 1. Meet with the Project Manager and/or Project Advisory Committee at the request of the Project Manager. The number of meetings is at the sole discretion of the City; 2. Communicate with the Project Manager regularly (bi-weekly) for the duration of the contract; 3. Submit to the Project Manager the final work plan for the collecting and synthesizing health evidence, best practices and expert advice on the nature of cooling required to ensure good health by the early February, 2012; 4. Submit to the Project Manager a progress report on the comprehensive scan of peer-reviewed and grey literature on the physiological need for cooling by early February, 2012; 5. Submit to the Project Manager a progress report on the scan of relevant programs in place and the evidence that supports cooling by mid February, 2012; 6. Submit to the Project Manager a final analysis on the evidence and best practices on sufficient access to cooling to achieve a health benefit and meet with Project Advisory Committee to share and discuss the results by late February , 2012; 7. Submit to the Project Manager evidence-based recommendations for the following by mid March, 2012: (i) how much cooling is adequate to achieve a health benefit, (ii) temperature and duration of exposure to a cool environment, (iii) under what conditions cooling by other methods such as a cool bath or shower, cold compresses or consuming cold liquids is equivalent to the beneficial effects of exposure to a cool environment for a specified time and duration (ii) and (iv) informing government (municipal, provincial and federal) policy with respect to access to cooling in new and existing multi-residential buildings; 8. Submit to the Project Manager stakeholder feedback on the feasibility of the vendors recommendations for (i) how much cooling is adequate to achieve a health benefit, (ii) temperature and duration of exposure to a cool environment, (iii) under what conditions cooling by other methods such as a cool bath or shower, cold compresses or consuming cold liquids is equivalent to the beneficial effects of exposure to a cool environment for a specified time and duration(ii) and (iv) informing provincial and federal policy with respect to access to cooling in new and existing multi-residential buildings; 9. Create and submit to the Project Manager a draft Table of Contents for the Final Report by mid March, 2012 for feedback from the Project Advisory Committee; 10. Create draft final versions of the recommendations and final report by the second week of March, 2012 for feedback from the Project Advisory Committee; 11. Deliver final versions of the recommendations and final report by March 30, 2011. The Vendor will provide information to the Project Manager in electronic format MicrosoftWord and pdf) and hardcopy. Ensure all documents and figures are reproducible in 8 ½" x 11" black and white. Dates for deliverables are subject to change at the request of TPH. 3.3 Description of Services Required The Vendor will work with the Project Manager and the Project Advisory Committee on this project to summarize key evidence and best practices on sufficient access to cooling to achieve health benefit. The aim of this exercise is to document the physiological need for cooling and how it can inform policies and procedures for ensuring access to cooling as an adaptive strategy for addressing prolonged heat emergencies. The Vendor will work in partnership with TPH staff and expert advisors to identify and develop evidence-based guidelines on the need for cooling from a health perspective. At minimum, the Vendor will conduct a comprehensive review and synthesis of health literature and prepare a technical report which will include: 1. recommendations on how much cooling is adequate to achieve a health benefit; 2. recommendations on temperature and duration of exposure to a cool environment for achieving a health benefit; 3. compare different methods of cooling such as cool bath, cold compresses and consuming cold water to each and being a cool environment so that effectiveness and equivalencies of these different methods are known as compared to exposure to a cool environment; and 4. an assessment of upper temperature limits for new or existing multi-residential buildings 5. a statement on transferability of findings to the Canadian population including vulnerable groups The Vendor will research the need for cooling in the general population as well as for those who are most at risk (e.g. seniors). In addition, the Vendor will explore provincial legislation and municipal standards, codes, and other by-laws to identify feasible policy options to support sustainable access to cooling for vulnerable groups; explore incentive and support programs for low-income people to access cooling; and explore innovative ways to cool individuals. The Vendor will also participate in a stakeholder workshop hosted by TPH. 3.4 Cooling for Health Protection during Heat Emergencies The Vendor's report should describe the physiology of body temperature control and the impact of extended heat emergencies on maintaining a healthy body temperature as it applies to healthy adults and those vulnerable to heat stress The report should characterize the physiological mechanisms to cope with heat stress, focusing on, but not limited to, vulnerable individuals, and the limitations of these mechanisms in relation to extended periods of extreme heat. The report should provide an analysis of the physiological benefits of current heat-health messaging available through agencies such as Health Canada or Toronto Public Health for those living in urban environments such as Toronto and for Canadians in general. The report should draw conclusions and provide recommendations for the nature of cooling required for health protection by illustrating the physiological changes that would be achieved by following the recommended heat protective strategies. The report should discuss innovative ways to cool individuals. This may include ways that individuals can cool down in their own home (e.g. cool baths, cool showers, cold compresses, cold water, etc) as leaving the home is often a barrier for vulnerable populations Of particular interest is the extent of evidence and best practices regarding health-based upper temperature limits for new or existing multi-residential buildings. Also of interest is the extent of health evidence and best practices regarding sufficient access to cooling such as through common cool rooms in multi-residential buildings, outdoor green space or cooling centres in the vicinity. At issue is what temperature and duration of temporary access to cooling is sufficient to protect health and if this can also be achieved by in home methods. The report should identify relevant provincial legislation and municipal standards, codes, and other by-laws to identify feasible options to support sustainable access to cooling for vulnerable groups. A discussion on ways and means of using regulatory tools to achieve accessible cool environments, including at home, should be included in the report. Further, the report should explore incentive and support programs for low-income people to access cooling. 3.5 Final Report to TPH The Vendors must prepare a final report to TPH that describes the literature search methods and description of the analysis conducted for drawing conclusions; rationale for the recommendations provided in the report; any discrepancies in the findings of the literature review and from the opinions provided by expert advisors; any recommendations for other areas to explore to find a means to apply upper temperature limits for multi-residential buildings; any limitations associated with the available information and the analysis; The report must also include a table of contents and an executive summary. The report must be written in a clear, concise and comprehensive manner. Figures and Tables should be included where beneficial. Appropriate citations must be included as needed. Please visit URL_TAG for additional information.  MERX asks that you contact the buying agency directly to obtain associated documents.  The contact information can be found within  the notice abstract. 
29042.txt	CC130 aircraft spares Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: CC130 aircraft spares W8485-126659/A Jodoin, Gisele Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Line1, GSIN:N6220, NSN:6220007277547, Quantity:25, Unit of Issue:Each, Part Number:AN3033-15, NSCM:88044 Line2, GSIN:N5360, NSN:5360006057327, Quantity:20, Unit of Issue:Each, Part Number:359815-1, NSCM:98897 Line3, GSIN:N5365, NSN:5365008260445, Quantity:100, Unit of Issue:Each, Part Number:NAS42DD6-20N, NSCM:0SJJ0 Line4, GSIN:N4730, NSN:4730012290327, Quantity:20, Unit of Issue:Each, Part Number:3602397-1, NSCM:99193 Line5, GSIN:N5945, NSN:5945013961823, Quantity:5, Unit of Issue:Each, Part Number:M83536/6-025M, NSCM:81349 Line6, GSIN:N1680, NSN:1680005552938, Quantity:20, Unit of Issue:Each, Part Number:57D677, NSCM:64680 Line7, GSIN:N1680, NSN:1680005552938, Quantity:20, Unit of Issue:Each, Part Number:57D677, NSCM:64680 ALL BIDDERS MUST CONFORM TO THE PARTS AND/OR MANUFACTURER'S TRACEABILITY CLAUSES OF THE REQUIREMENT. THE MANUFACTURER MUST BE APPROVED BY THE ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT MANUFACTURER (OEM) TO MANUFACTURE THE SUBJECT ITEM. PROOF WILL BE REQUIRED AS DEEMED NECESSARY. DRAWINGS AND SPECIFICATIONS ARE NOT AVAILABLE. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Jodoin, Gisele 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 5C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
27704.txt	Opportunity Description: The City of Calgary ("The City") is providing Notice of Intent to contract with Shaw Cable Systems GP.   Shaw Cable Systems GP will provide Cable Television (TV) and Public Internet Services to all Calgary Fire Department (CFD) facilities.   This multi-year contract ending 2014 January 30, has an estimated budget value of approximately $70,000.00 per annum excluding GST and to cover for Cable TV, Public Internet services and associated hardware. 
28953.txt	OEM Sarco Parts & Service ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Procurement Services Branch DATE ISSUED: 13/10/2011 ISSUED BY: Shaun Ritchie TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG THE FOLLOWING IS A REQUEST FOR APPROXIMATELY A TWO (2) YEAR SUPPLY OF ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT MANUFACTURER (OEM) FOR SARCO PARTS AND SERVICE FOR VARIOUS MANITOBA GOVERNMENT WIDE DEPARTMENTS. NOTE: Purchasing Agent: Shaun Ritchie - phone PHONENUMBER_TAG (or) email: EMAIL_TAG Please contact the individual noted above if additional information r clarification is required on the following items. To be delivered as & when required from January 1,2012 To December 31,2013 The delivery date (if shown) is actually the end of the contract TO BE DELIVERED FOB DESTINATION, FREIGHT PREPAID TO VARIOUS LOCATIONS WITHIN MANITOBA. (unit prices, include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance, handling etc). ASSOCIATED COMPONENTS (that is, Request for Quotation-(RFQ)) documents must be purchased from MERX to be considered. To obtain the official RFQ document please follow the "Associated Components: Preview/Order" link at the top of this page. Bidders must "login" to MERX to access the General Terms & Conditions which apply to this RFQ, in addition to those shown below. After "login" follow the links - Information - Government Publications - Manitoba Terms and Conditions - Request for Quotation If you have faxed your quote to PSB and wish to confirm that all pages have been received please call our general inquiry line PHONENUMBER_TAG Vendor's e-mail address: (if available)   Quantity clarification - quantity listed contains 2 or 3 decimals  ITEM QTY DESCRIPTION DELIVERY NO. DATE ======================================================== ITEM 10 31/12/2012 1.00 Dollar GSIN: N4500MATERIAL: 43894 OEM PARTS, FOR THE PURCHASE OF UNSPECIFIED ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT PARTS AND SERVICES FOR SARCO EQUIPMENT BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) SUPPLIER SHALL BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PURCHASING BRANCH WITH ONE COPY OF THE PRICE LIST USED FOR FILE PURCHASES. CAN BE EITHER PAPER OR ELECTRONIC FORMAT. For evaluation purposes please provide a quoted cost for each of the following items that are listed below. 1. SARCO 3/4" FT 30, 0-30 LBS STEAM TRAP $  2. SARCO SPIRAX 1" FT-30 FLOAT & THERMOSTATIC STEAM TRAP $  3. SARCO 3/4" Y STRAINER WITH 20 MESH $  This is to be included with your bid submission and will be used to evaluate the lowest cost for each of the items listed. MUST BE COMPLETED AND RETURNED WITH BID OR BID MAY BE REJECTED. ======================================================== THE FOLLOWING IS A REQUEST FOR APPROXIMATELY A TWO (2) YEAR SUPPLY OF ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT MANUFACTURER (OEM) FOR SARCO PARTS AND SERVICE FOR VARIOUS MANITOBA GOVERNMENT WIDE DEPARTMENTS. TARGET AMOUNT OF ORDER NOT TO EXCEED $15,000.00 NOTE THE FOLLOWING: PLEASE STATE THE LOCATION OF THE CLOSEST DISTRIBUTOR WITHIN PROXIMITY TO WINNIPEG:  THE DELIVERY DATE (IF SHOWN) IS ACTUALLY THE END OF THE CONTRACT PERIOD. TO BE DELIVERED ON AN AS AND WHEN REQUIRED BASIS FOR THE PERIOD JANUARY 1,2012 TO DECEMBER 31,2013. THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ANY GUARANTEE OF BUSINESS. IT DOES HOWEVER, OUTLINE THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO BE APPLIED WHEN A PURCHASE TRANSACTION OCCURS. ANY UNUSED PORTION AS OF THE END OF THE CONTRACT SHALL BE CONSIDERED CANCELLED. QUANTITIES THE QUANTITIES SHOWN ARE APPROXIMATE AND MAY VARY MORE OR LESS. FOR WINNIPEG CITY Supplier will be required to deliver product within 4 hours of order being placed. If order is critical or a rush, it may be picked-up by a department representative. Deliveries to be made between the hours of 8:30 AM and 4:00 PM, Monday to Friday. FOR RURAL LOCATIONS THROUGHOUT PROVINCE OF MANITOBA Bidders to indicate: The normal delivery lead time required from receipt of a Release off the contract for: Stocked item: Delivery within   working days Non-stocked item: Delivery within   working days Do you agree to No minimum invoicing charges: YES   (or) NO   Do you agree to No minimum delivery charges: YES   (or) NO   Do you agree to No restocking charges with a full credit when goods are returned in new saleable condition or returned because of defect. YES   (or) NO   PRICING PRICING IS TO REMAIN FIRM FOR DURATION OF THE ORDER UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED BY BIDDER BELOW. PREFERENCE MAY BE GIVEN TO SUPPLIERS OFFERING FIRM PRICING, IF NO, SHOW DURATION OF FIRM PRICING. PRICES FIRM UNTIL:  . PRODUCTS WILL BE SHIPPED TO WINNIPEG AND/OR RURAL MANITOBA. TO ASSIST IN PROMPT PAYMENT OF INVOICES PLEASE QUOTE THE RELEASE PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER ON THE INVOICE AND ANY CORRESPONDANCE. QUOTATION EVALUATION Any product supplied must be new, unused, first quality. Generally the lowest overall price of an acceptable item(s) in accordance with the terms & conditions of the RFQ will be awarded the rder. Quotations will be evaluated based on product offered compared to product description/specifications requested, delivery, price, quality of the bidder's performance in past awards and any other terms & conditions indicated on this RFQ Failure to provide adequate information to evaluate the item offered may be cause for rejection of your quote by the Manitoba Government(Manitoba) PRODUCTS/BRANDS OFFERED Any product supplied must be new, unused, first quality. Any product offered may require testing prior to acceptance. The product offered must meet the requirements and expectations for its intended use The product specified above is requested on a no substitute basis. If required, you may be requested to submit a sample or samples of any alternative products offered, for evaluation for future tenders. The sample or samples are to be provided at no cost to Manitoba and may be tested up to and including destruction. QUALITY / ACCEPTABILITY All goods delivered are subject to inspection prior to delivery acceptance. Signing of any delivery slip should not be construed as acceptance of the product delivered. Manitoba reserves the right toreject any product, after final inspection that does not meet the specification or product description requested. Manitoba reserves the right to reject any product supplied which, upon inspection or use, is deemed by the using department to be unacceptable for their intended use. Products to be supplied as specified on the contract/purchase order. Any substitutes shipped without prior written approval will be rejected at time of delivery or held at shipper's risk pending return instructions Products rejected by the using department will be returned to the Vendor for full credit or replacement product at no cost to Manitoba or the contract may be cancelled. ORDERS/RELEASES If your quotation is acceptable a Value Contract will be issued as the acceptance document of this quote. Release Purchase orders will be issued by the various departments of the Manitoba Government, throughout the contract period, referencing the specific Value Contract. The Release Order, issued by authorized personnel, may be placed verbally, by fax or by mail. Each Release Purchase Order will have a specific reference number. The Release Purchase Order number should be shown on the invoice. Release Purchase orders will list the specific items and quantities required and will provide the delivery and invoice address. All the products listed on the Release Order must be delivered and invoiced completely as one shipment with no back orders unless approved by the departmental contact person shown on the Release Order. DELIVERY TO BE DELIVERED FOB DESTINATION, FREIGHT PREPAID TO VARIOUS LOCATIONS WITHIN MANITOBA ( unit prices include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance ,handling etc.) DELIVERIES WILL BE ACCEPTED MONDAY TO FRIDAY BETWEEN THE HOURS OF 8:30 A.M. TO 4:00 P.M. NO FREIGHT CHARGES ALLOWED ON BACK ORDER QUANTITIES. THE DELIVERY LOCATIONS AND INVOICE ADDRESSES WILL BE INDICATED ON THE RELEASE PURCHASE ORDERS. If any charges are not included please explain in detail any/all charges which will be extra to the unit prices quoted and will be charged on the invoice. INSPECTION Final inspection and acceptance or rejection of the goods will be made promptly as practicable, but failure to inspect and accept or reject goods promptly does not mean that the Manitoba Government has accepted these goods. The Government of Manitoba reserves the right to inspect the goods for up to 90 days after the date of delivery. Partial acceptance of rejection of an order does not release the Bidder from its responsibility to complete the order. MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY State warranty of units offered ( as applicable to Manitoba's use) (Manitoba's use would usually be considered commercial application not consumer) Product   months OR   years Please note: During the period of the warranty offered, all labour, transportation, parts, surcharges including shipping and brokerage will be included. The Province of Manitoba WILL NOT pay additional charges while the item(s) offered are under the above stated warranty. CONTRACT EXTENSION OR ADDITIONAL PRODUCTS: By written agreement between Manitoba and the Vendor, the Contract may be amended to include additional products or locations and/or the duration of the Contract may be extended to continue past the expiry date specified above. ASSIGNMENT The Contractor shall not assign or transfer the Agreement or any of the rights or obligations under the Agreement without first obtaining written permission from Manitoba. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, refuse to grant such permission. GOVERNING LAWS Manitoba requires its suppliers to adhere to provincial labour laws and, where businesses use sources outside of Canada, Manitoba expects suppliers to comply with local labour laws in the country of manufacture TERMINATION Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, immediately terminate a purchase rder/contract in writing if: a) the vendor fails to properly fulfill, perform, satisfy and carry out each and every one of its obligations under the purchase order/contract, r b) the vendor fails or refuses to comply with a verbal or written request or direction from Manitoba within three(3) days of receiving the request or direction; or c) the vendor become bankrupt or insolvent or liquidates; or d) a receiver, trustee or custodian is appointed for the assets of the vendor, or any partner thereof; or e) the vendor or any partner thereof makes a compromise, arrangement, or assignment with or for the benefit of the creditors of the vendor or of that partner, as the case may be; or f) the vendor fails to secure or renew any license or permit for the vendors business required by law; or any such license or permit is revoked or suspended; or g) the vendor or any partner, officer or director of the vendor is found guilty of an indictable offence; or h) the vendor fails to comply with any law or regulation relating to the employment of its employees; or i) the vendor at any time engages in any activities or trade practices which, in the opinion of Manitoba, are prejudicial to the interests of Manitoba, or a department or agency thereof; or j) there is a breach of any provision of the purchase order/contract. k) the goods provided by the vendor are not according to the contract or therwise unsatisfactory; or l) the services provided by the vendor are unsatisfactory, inadequate, r are improperly performed; or m) the vendor has failed to meet the delivery date indicated on the purchase order/contract or repeatedly failed to meet the delivery lead time, indicated on the purchase order/contract. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, terminate the purchase rder/contract at any time by giving at least 30 days written notice to the vendor prior to the intended termination date. This termination may be used for those instances where there are program changes, funding changes, etc. All purchases by Manitoba under the purchase rder/contract are subject to and expressly conditional upon the Legislature of Manitoba duly appropriating funds to the fiscal year in which they are required to be paid. For the multi-year contracts the RFQ/contract term "fiscal year" means the period commencing April 1st of ne year and ending on March 31st of the next ensuing year. PUBLICITY, MEDIA, OFFICIAL ENQUIRIES AND ADVERTISING Neither the bidder nor its suppliers/vendors, employees nor consultants shall make any public statement making reference to, or relating to the existence or performance of the purchase order/contract in any advertising, testimonials or promotional material without the prior written consent of the Province of Manitoba, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The provision of this condition shall apply during the extension of a purchase order/contract and indefinitely after its expiry or termination. CONFIDENTIALITY The content of this RFQ and any other information received by the Bidder relating to the RFQ, gained through the RFQ process or otherwise, is to be treated in strict confidentiality. The Bidder shall not disclose any f the information in whole or in part to anyone not specifically involved in the preparation of the Bidder's quotation, unless written consent is secured from Manitoba prior to the said disclosure. The bligation of each Bidder to maintain confidentiality shall survive the expiration or the acceptance/rejection of their quotation and/or any resulting Contract/ Agreement(s) to supply the requirements of this RFQ. FAVOURED CUSTOMER CLAUSE If during the period of the offer the Bidders offers for sale like quality and quantity similar to customers at more favourable terms, the current quoted price shall be immediately altered to a level that reflects the same favourable terms. PROVISION OF GOODS/SERVICES TO MANITOBA BOARDS, ET AL: During the term of the Agreement, or any renewal thereof, the Contractor agrees to offer the goods/services upon written approval of PSB: a) to corporations, boards commissions, councils, bureaus, agencies or associations that are controlled by the Government of Manitoba, or all f the members of which are appointed by the Government of Manitoba, whether by order-in-council or legislation or by a Minister of the Government of Manitoba; release of the purchase order/outline agreement will be at PSB#s discretion; and b) To agencies that are funded by the Government of Manitoba only, or suppliers of essential services in the Province of Manitoba. On the same terms and conditions of the Agreement and at prices that do not exceed prices charged to Manitoba for the goods/services. It shall be in the sole discretion of such entity whether or not it wishes to receive the benefit of this provision. If an entity wishes to avail itself of this provision, it may do so directly by issuing its own Release Purchase order to the Contractor, in which case any agreement resulting from said Release Purchase Order will be between the entity and the Contractor, and Manitoba will not be a party thereto. VENDOR INFORMATION RIGHT TO REISSUE RFQ Manitoba reserves the right to cancel and/or reissue the RFQ where, in Manitoba's sole opinion, none of the quotes submitted in response to the RFQ warrant acceptance or where it would be in the best interests of Manitoba to do so. Costs incurred in the preparation, presentation and submission of a quote shall be borne entirely by the Bidder. Manitoba shall not reimburse any bidders for any costs if the RFQ is cancelled or reissued. AUTHORIZED VENDOR Manitoba reserves the right, prior to any contract award, to secure evidence to Manitoba's satisfaction that any bidder is the manufacturer r an authorized distributor, dealer or retailer of the goods offered and is authorized to sell these goods in Manitoba, Canada and upon request will provide Manitoba with written evidence thereof. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD FOR "GOODS WITH RELATED SERVICES" DEFINITIONS: "Aboriginal Business" means a business that is at least 51% aboriginal wned and controlled and, if it has six or more full-time employees, at least one-third of its employees must be Aboriginal persons. "Aboriginal Business Directory" means a business directory of Aboriginal businesses that meet Manitoba's definition of an Aboriginal business. 'Aboriginal Business Standard" means terms and conditions that indicate that Aboriginal business participation is desirable but not mandatory. "Aboriginal Person" means a First Nations, Non-status Indian, Métis or Inuit person who is a Canadian citizen and resident of Canada. ABORIGINAL PROCUREMENT INITIATIVE Manitoba is committed to community economic development as a key component of its economic strategy. It intends to develop a provincial economy that is more inclusive, equitable and sustainable. Procurement practices are one means that can be used to contribute to the growth of Aboriginal businesses. In that regard, Manitoba developed the Aboriginal Procurement Initiative (API). The objective of API is to increase the participation of Aboriginal businesses in providing goods and services to Manitoba. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD Aboriginal participation is desired but bids will not be disqualified if there is no Aboriginal business participation. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS DIRECTORY Manitoba has established a directory of Aboriginal businesses called the "Aboriginal Business Directory". This directory is a list of Aboriginal businesses (including non profit organizations and economic development corporations) that have self declared as an Aboriginal Business meeting that definition under the API. It is neither comprehensive nor exhaustive but may be a useful resource to identifying Aboriginal businesses for potential partnering or sub-contracting purposes. Aboriginal businesses not listed in the Directory may also be used. Registration in the Aboriginal Business Directory does not guarantee certification as an Aboriginal business, as business status may change; therefore formal certification is required in the formal tender process. Aboriginal businesses are encouraged to register by contacting Procurement Services Branch. For further information on the aboriginal Business Directory, registration forms and access to a copy of the Aboriginal Business Directory please see the following website: URL_TAG For specific inquires related to the Aboriginal Business Directory please contact: Mark Freedman Vendor relations Coordinator Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation 2nd floor # 270 Osborne Street N. Winnipeg, Manitoba Ph. 204-945-0826 Fax: 204-945-1455 Email: EMAIL_TAG For all other general inquiries related to this tender opportunity, please contact the name of the individual(s) identified on page one of this tender document. INVOICING AND PAYMENT Subject to the following subsections, in consideration the goods provided or delivered to the satisfaction of Manitoba, Manitoba shall pay the Contractor an amount not exceeding the amount specified in the successful Contractor's bid submission. All invoices shall be issued in writing and satisfactory to Manitoba in both form and content. The contractor shall also provide to Manitoba such supporting documents, vouchers, statements and receipts as requested by Manitoba. Manitoba shall endeavor to pay the Contractor any fees due within 30 days net after the receipt and approval of the invoice and any supporting materials requested. CANADIAN FUNDS Manitoba prefers to receive quotations in Canadian funds. If the pricing offered is quoted in a currency other than Canadian then the currency must be clearly identified on the quote document. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE ADDRESS Due to our computerized accounts payable system please advise if your invoice address (accounts receivable) is the same as the address for orders / quotes shown above YES   or NO   If NO provide complete details i.e. box #, street address, city, province, postal code, etc.  MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX LICENSE Are you licensed by Manitoba Finance to collect and remit Manitoba's Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO  If NO disregard the following paragraph. MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX Is the product(s) offered subject to Manitoba's Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO   If the quote consists of both taxable (T) and non-taxable ( NT) items please indicate T or NT opposite each item offered. YOUR QUOTATION REFERENCE # (if applicable)   Proposed Delivery Address: TO BE ADVISED TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO: Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Transportation and Government Services 2nd Flr - 270 Osborne St. N. Winnipeg, MB, Canada. POSTALCODE_TAG (or)FAX quote toPHONENUMBER_TAG 
28650.txt	Request for standing offer for CDs, DVDs and accessories. Request for standing offer for CDs, DVDs and accessories. Department / Agency Name Transportation and Infrastructure Renewal Closing Closing on Tuesday, November 01, 2011 at 10:00 AM AST. Location: Public Tenders Office, 6176 Young Street, Halifax, NS, POSTALCODE_TAG Opening Opening on Tuesday, November 01, 2011 at 10:30 AM AST. Location: same as close location Posted 14 October 2011 Trade Agreement Atlantic Procurement Agreement Category Goods: Y | Services: N | Construction: N Pickup Fee N/A Addendum N Addendum Notes  Contact Public Tenders Office at PHONENUMBER_TAG or website URL_TAG Memorandum Department Contact: Darrell Fralick PHONENUMBER_TAG Awarded Date  Awarded Amount  Awarded Vendor  Award Memo  Bid Express This tender is listed only on Nova Scotia Procurement Services website.  Note: All amendments to the associated document  are issued by the originator of the RFP.  MERX asks you to contact the government  agency directly for these amendments.  The contact information can be found within  the main tender document. 
35450.txt	Opportunity Description: The competition detail and documents are currently available at https://URL_TAGb9524f Saskatchewan Liquor and Gaming Authority (SLGA)is seeking proposals from qualified Architectural firms to provide professional consulting services for a new Distribution Centre. This opportunity is subject to copyright. Please contact the originating Jurisdiction for more information.
35428.txt	CC115 Buffalo aircraft spares Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: CC115 Buffalo aircraft spares W8485-126873/A Jodoin, Gisele Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Line1, GSIN: N6605, NSN: 6605015655388, Quantity: 2, Unit of Issue: Each, Part Number: SN4500-000, NSCM: 3T1Z4 ALL BIDDERS MUST CONFORM TO THE PARTS AND/OR MANUFACTURER'S TRACEABILITY CLAUSES OF THE REQUIREMENT. THE MANUFACTURER MUST BE APPROVED BY THE ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT MANUFACTURER (OEM) TO MANUFACTURE THE SUBJECT ITEM. PROOF WILL BE REQUIRED AS DEEMED NECESSARY. DRAWINGS AND SPECIFICATIONS ARE NOT AVAILABLE. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Jodoin, Gisele 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 5C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
36946.txt	Aluminum I Beam ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Procurement Services Branch DATE ISSUED: 09/12/2011 ISSUED BY: Shaun Ritchie TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG NOTE: Purchasing Agent: Shaun Ritchie - phone PHONENUMBER_TAG (or) email: EMAIL_TAG Please contact the individual noted above if additional information r clarification is required on the following items. Bidder must indicate if you are able to meet the requested delivery date of January 13, 2012. yes   OR no   If NO, then indicate a realistic delivery as follows: Delivery in   working days or  weeks from receipt of the order. F.O.B. DESTINATION, FREIGHT PREPAID DELIVERED TO 1550 DUBLIN AVENUE, WINNIPEG, MB. (unit prices include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance, handling etc.) ASSOCIATED COMPONENTS (that is, Request for Quotation-(RFQ)) documents must be purchased from MERX to be considered. To obtain the official RFQ document please follow the "Associated Components: Preview/Order" link at the top of this page. Bidders must "login" to MERX to access the General Terms & Conditions which apply to this RFQ, in addition to those shown below. After "login" follow the links - Information - Government Publications - Manitoba Terms and Conditions - Request for Quotation If you have faxed your quote to PSB and wish to confirm that all pages have been received please call our general inquiry line PHONENUMBER_TAG Vendor#s e-mail address: (if available)   Quantity clarification: quantity listed contains 2 or 3 decimals  ITEM QTY DESCRIPTION DELIVERY NO. DATE ======================================================== ITEM 10 13/01/2012 120.000 Meter GSIN: N9905MATERIAL: 18994 I BEAM, ALUMINUM, 12 IN. ALCAN DIE # 28020 ALLOY # 6351-T6, 12 M LENGTH NEW, Please indicate: Item offered is exactly as requested above: YES   or NO   Please advise information on the product offered as follows: Manufacturers Name  Brand Name  Product / Style Number   Bidder's catalogue/reference number ( if applicable)  ======================================================== NOTE: DELIVERY TO BE MADE BY FLAT BED TRUCK TO ENABLE OFF-LOADING BY FORKLIFT. QUOTATION EVALUATION Generally the lowest overall price of an acceptable item(s) in accordance with the terms & conditions of the RFQ will be awarded the rder. Quotations will be evaluated based on Compliance of bid, product offered compared to product description/specifications requested, delivery, price, warranty, quality of the bidder's performance in past awards and any other terms & conditions indicated on this RFQ. Failure to provide adequate information to evaluate the item offered may be cause for rejection of your quote by the Manitoba Government (Manitoba) PRODUCT: Items offered are to meet or exceed the specifications indicated for the items listed. If it is your intention to offer an item which does not meet all the specifications outlined, then you must indicate all intended deviations r changes on the return quote. In the absence of any particular construction details, the product ffered is to be completed with first quality design, manufacturing, finishing techniques and materials as required to produce a first quality product for the intended use. It should be noted that clarification of missing details may require discussions etc. with the end user. PRODUCT DEMO In the event your company has not produced this product or a similar product for the Manitoba Government recently, you must be prepared to demonstrate ( at your expense) your product to Manitoba. Bidders must be prepared to provide, if requested, references of current users of the model offered. QUALITY / ACCEPTABILITY Any product supplied must be new, unused, first quality. All goods delivered are subject to inspection prior to delivery acceptance. Signing of any delivery slip should not be construed as acceptance of the product delivered. Manitoba reserves the right to reject any product, after final inspection that does not meet the specification or product description requested. Manitoba reserves the right to reject any product supplied which, upon inspection or use, is deemed by the using department to be unacceptable for their intended use. Products to be supplied as specified on the contract/purchase order. Any substitutes shipped without prior written approval will be rejected at time of delivery or held at shippers risk pending return instructions Products rejected by the using department will be returned to the Vendor for full credit or replacement product at no cost to Manitoba or the contract may be cancelled. DELIVERY: F.O.B. DESTINATION, FREIGHT PREPAID DELIVERED TO 1550 DUBLIN AVENUE, WINNIPEG, MB. ( unit prices include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance, handling etc.) If any charges are not included please explain in detail any/all charges which will be extra to the unit prices quoted and will be charged on the invoice. INSPECTION: Final inspection and acceptance or rejection of the goods will be made promptly as practicable, but failure to inspect and accept or reject goods promptly does not mean that the Manitoba Government has accepted these goods. The Government of Manitoba reserves the right to inspect the goods for up to 90 days after the date of delivery. Partial acceptance of rejection of an order does not release the Bidder from its responsibility to complete the order. WARRANTY MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY: State warranty of units offered ( as applicable to Manitoba's use) (Manitoba's use would usually be considered commercial application not consumer) Product   months OR   years Please note: During the period of the warranty offered, all labour, transportation, parts, surcharges including shipping and brokerage will be included. The Province of Manitoba will not pay additional charges while the item(s) offered are under the above stated warranty. If the warranty offered is the Vendor's warranty in combination with or in place of the Manufacturer's warranty then a complete explanation must be provided. GOVERNING LAWS Manitoba requires its suppliers to adhere to provincial labour laws and, where businesses use sources outside of Canada, Manitoba expects suppliers to comply with local labour laws in the country of manufacture TERMINATION Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, immediately terminate a purchase rder/contract in writing if: a) the vendor fails to properly fulfill, perform, satisfy and carry out each and every one of its obligations under the purchase order/contract, r b) the vendor fails or refuses to comply with a verbal or written request or direction from Manitoba within three(3) days of receiving the request or direction; or c) the vendor become bankrupt or insolvent or liquidates; or d) a receiver, trustee or custodian is appointed for the assets of the vendor, or any partner thereof; or e) the vendor or any partner thereof makes a compromise, arrangement, or assignment with or for the benefit of the creditors of the vendor or of that partner, as the case may be; or f) the vendor fails to secure or renew any license or permit for the vendors business required by law; or any such license or permit is revoked or suspended; or g) the vendor or any partner, officer or director of the vendor is found guilty of an indictable offence; or h) the vendor fails to comply with any law or regulation relating to the employment of its employees; or i) the vendor at any time engages in any activities or trade practices which, in the opinion of Manitoba, are prejudicial to the interests of Manitoba, or a department or agency thereof; or j) there is a breach of any provision of the purchase order/contract. k) the goods provided by the vendor are not according to the contract or therwise unsatisfactory; or l) the services provided by the vendor are unsatisfactory, inadequate, r are improperly performed; or m) the vendor has failed to meet the delivery date indicated on the purchase order/contract or repeatedly failed to meet the delivery lead time, indicated on the purchase order/contract. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, terminate the purchase rder/contract at any time by giving at least 30 days written notice to the vendor prior to the intended termination date. This termination may be used for those instances where there are program changes, funding changes, etc. All purchases by Manitoba under the purchase rder/contract are subject to and expressly conditional upon the Legislature of Manitoba duly appropriating funds to the fiscal year in which they are required to be paid. For the multi-year contracts the RFQ/contract term "fiscal year" means the period commencing April 1st of ne year and ending on March 31st of the next ensuing year. PUBLICITY, MEDIA, OFFICIAL ENQUIRIES AND ADVERTISING: Neither the bidder nor its suppliers/vendors, employees nor consultants shall make any public statement making reference to, or relating to the existence or performance of the purchase order/contract in any advertising, testimonials or promotional material without the prior written consent of the Province of Manitoba, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The provision of this condition shall apply during the extension of a purchase order/contract and indefinitely after its expiry or termination. CONFIDENTIALITY: The content of this RFQ and any other information received by the Bidder relating to the RFQ, gained through the RFQ process or otherwise, is to be treated in strict confidentiality. The Bidder shall not disclose any f the information in whole or in part to anyone not specifically involved in the preparation of the Bidder's quotation, unless written consent is secured from Manitoba prior to the said disclosure. The bligation of each Bidder to maintain confidentiality shall survive the expiration or the acceptance/rejection of their quotation and/or any resulting Contract/ Agreement(s) to supply the requirements of this RFQ. FAVOURED CUSTOMER CLAUSE: If during the period of the offer the Bidders offers for sale like quality and quantity similar to customers at more favourable terms, the current quoted price shall be immediately altered to a level that reflects the same favourable terms. PROVISION OF GOODS/SERVICES TO MANITOBA BOARDS, ET AL: During the term of the Agreement, or any renewal thereof, the Contractor agrees to offer the goods/services upon written approval of PSB: a) to corporations, boards commissions, councils, bureaus, agencies or associations that are controlled by the Government of Manitoba, or all f the members of which are appointed by the Government of Manitoba, whether by order-in-council or legislation or by a Minister of the Government of Manitoba; release of the purchase order/outline agreement will be at PSB#s discretion; and b) To agencies that are funded by the Government of Manitoba only, or suppliers of essential services in the Province of Manitoba. On the same terms and conditions of the Agreement and at prices that do not exceed prices charged to Manitoba for the goods/services. It shall be in the sole discretion of such entity whether or not it wishes to receive the benefit of this provision. If an entity wishes to avail itself of this provision, it may do so directly by issuing its own Release Purchase order to the Contractor, in which case any agreement resulting from said Release Purchase Order will be between the entity and the Contractor, and Manitoba will not be a party thereto. VENDOR INFORMATION RIGHT TO REISSUE RFQ Manitoba reserves the right to cancel and/or reissue the RFQ where, in Manitoba's sole opinion, none of the quotes submitted in response to the RFQ warrant acceptance or where it would be in the best interests of Manitoba to do so. Costs incurred in the preparation, presentation and submission of a quote shall be borne entirely by the Bidder. Manitoba shall not reimburse any bidders for any costs if the RFQ is cancelled or reissued. AUTHORIZED VENDOR Manitoba reserves the right, prior to any contract award, to secure evidence to Manitoba's satisfaction that any bidder is the manufacturer r an authorized distributor, dealer or retailer of the goods offered and is authorized to sell these goods in Manitoba, Canada and upon request will provide Manitoba with written evidence thereof. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD FOR "GOODS WITH RELATED SERVICES" DEFINITIONS: "Aboriginal Business" means a business that is at least 51% aboriginal wned and controlled and, if it has six or more full-time employees, at least one-third of its employees must be Aboriginal persons. "Aboriginal Business Directory" means a business directory of Aboriginal businesses that meet Manitoba's definition of an Aboriginal business. 'Aboriginal Business Standard" means terms and conditions that indicate that Aboriginal business participation is desirable but not mandatory. "Aboriginal Person" means a First Nations, Non-status Indian, Métis or Inuit person who is a Canadian citizen and resident of Canada. ABORIGINAL PROCUREMENT INITIATIVE Manitoba is committed to community economic development as a key component of its economic strategy. It intends to develop a provincial economy that is more inclusive, equitable and sustainable. Procurement practices are one means that can be used to contribute to the growth of Aboriginal businesses. In that regard, Manitoba developed the Aboriginal Procurement Initiative (API). The objective of API is to increase the participation of Aboriginal businesses in providing goods and services to Manitoba. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD Aboriginal participation is desired but bids will not be disqualified if there is no Aboriginal business participation. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS DIRECTORY Manitoba has established a directory of Aboriginal businesses called the "Aboriginal Business Directory". This directory is a list of Aboriginal businesses (including non profit organizations and economic development corporations) that have self declared as an Aboriginal Business meeting that definition under the API. It is neither comprehensive nor exhaustive but may be a useful resource to identifying Aboriginal businesses for potential partnering or sub-contracting purposes. Aboriginal businesses not listed in the Directory may also be used. Registration in the Aboriginal Business Directory does not guarantee certification as an Aboriginal business, as business status may change; therefore formal certification is required in the formal tender process. Aboriginal businesses are encouraged to register by contacting Procurement Services Branch. For specific inquires related to the Aboriginal Business Directory please contact: Mark Freedman Vendor relations Coordinator Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation 2nd floor - 270 Osborne Street N. Winnipeg, Manitoba Ph. 204-945-0826 Fax: 204-945-1455 Email: EMAIL_TAG For all other general inquiries related to this tender opportunity, please contact the name of the individual(s) identified on page one of this tender document. INVOICING AND PAYMENT Subject to the following subsections, in consideration the goods provided or delivered to the satisfaction of Manitoba, Manitoba shall pay the Contractor an amount not exceeding the amount specified in the successful Contractor's bid submission. All invoices shall be issued in writing and satisfactory to Manitoba in both form and content. The contractor shall also provide to Manitoba such supporting documents, vouchers, statements and receipts as requested by Manitoba. Manitoba shall endeavor to pay the Contractor any fees due within 30 days net after the receipt and approval of the invoice and any supporting materials requested. CANADIAN FUNDS Manitoba prefers to receive quotations in Canadian funds. If the pricing offered is quoted in a currency other than Canadian then the currency must be clearly identified on the quote document. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE ADDRESS Due to our computerised accounts payable system please advise if your invoice address (accounts receivable) is the same as the address for orders / quotes shown above YES   or NO   If NO provide complete details i.e. box #, street address, city, province, postal code, etc.  MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX LICENSE Are you licensed by Manitoba Finance to collect and remit Manitobas Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO  If NO disregard the following paragraph. MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX Is the product(s) offered subject to Manitobas Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO   If the quote consists of both taxable (T) and non-taxable ( NT) items please indicate T or NT opposite each item offered. YOUR QUOTATION REFERENCE # ( if applicable)   Proposed Delivery Address: DELIVER TO: VEHICLE AND EQUIPMENT MANAGEMENT AGENCY 1550 DUBLIN AVE WINNIPEG MB POSTALCODE_TAG ATTN: KIM ALLEN TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO: Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Transportation and Government Services 2nd Flr - 270 Osborne St. N. Winnipeg, MB, Canada. POSTALCODE_TAG (or)FAX quote toPHONENUMBER_TAG 
27693.txt	IHE Subject Matter Expert Mohawk Shared Services Inc. began in 1972 as a central laundry for hospitals in southern Ontario. Today, in addition to linen services, we also provide services in supply chain management and employee assistance counseling, as well as a diagnostic imaging repository. Our vision is to excel as a shared services organization by delivering services that support health care and our communities. The Mohawk Diagnostic Imaging Repository (DI-r) is a central image and report repository connecting hospital systems in Hamilton, Niagara, Haldimand, Brant, Waterloo and Wellington. Images and reports for diagnostic imaging procedures are available to health care providers in these regions via a web-based application starting fall 2009. Projects underway to connect all Ontario hospitals to one of four repositories are scheduled to completed by March 2012. In addition, a provincial project will connect all four DI-r systems in Ontario, giving health care providers access to images and reports from across the province, and eventually Canada. Mohawk Shared Services is currently recruiting a contract position for an IHE Subject Matter Expert to assess participating hospitals IHE Compliance to Radiology and Other Interoperability Profiles. Integration of Healthcare Enterprise (IHE) Subject Matter Expert  Responsibilities: Review current documentation provided by other DI-r projects Create template for information gathering Contact and travel to local site resources and PACS vendors as required to collect their current state IHE compliance data. Implementation and utilization of the following IHE Radiology Profiles is required:  1. Scheduled Workflow (SWF)  2. Key Image Note (KIN)  3. Consistent Presentation of Images (CPI)  4. Patient Information Reconciliation (PIR)  Consideration and Analysis for Implementation of the following optional IHE Radiology Profile : 1. Presentation of Grouped Procedures (PGP) Evaluation of the cost/benefit of upgrading existing modalities to become fully compliant with the Modality Performed Procedure Step (MPPS) and Storage Commit components of SWF profile will be completed.  Complete the required documentation to support completion of the Infoway deliverable.  Knowledge and Skills: Experience in diagnostic imaging environment, workflow and data flow Knowledge of Healthcare Information Systems, particularly Radiology Information Systems and PACS Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills Excellent conflict resolution and negotiation skills Very effective organizational, analytical and problem solving skills Decision making skills Stress and time management skills Computer skills (proficient inMicrosoftOffice programs) Scope: The successful applicant will be expected to work with site resources (with travel involved) to complete an assessment of the current state of local PACS IHE compliance and to complete the required documentation to support completion of the Infoway deliverable. This is a contract position to March 31, 2012. Qualified candidates with a desire to join our innovative team are invited to submit their resume, in confidence to: EMAIL_TAG Please note that the posting close date for the above position is October 28, 2011. 
30478.txt	Medical consulting services for the Department of Veterans Affairs of Canada Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: N/A - P&A/LOI Only Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Request for information for medical consulting services for the Department of Veterans Affairs of Canada for the cities of Montreal, Ste-Anne de Bellevue, Gatineau, St-Jean, Sherbrooke, Quebec including Valcartier. All these cities are in the province of Quebec. 1. Purpose Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC), on behalf f Veterans Affairs Canada, is soliciting expressions of interest from medical consultants for administration of medical services to the clients of the St-Anne de Bellevue Veterans Hospital, Quebec, cities of Montreal, Gatineau, St-Jean, Sherbrooke, Quebec including Valcartier. Consultants capable of carrying out this work and with expertise in this field may submit expressions of interest for inclusion on a list of potential suppliers to meet future needs. 2. Background Veterans Affairs Canada (VAC) provides a wide range of services and benefits to the following people: - eligible veterans; - members of the Canadian Forces (CF); - serving and former members of the RCMP.  These services and benefits are provided in recognition of their sacrifices and achievements and will change as their needs evolve. To ensure delivery of these services and benefits, the Department hires consultants in a number of fields, such as: psychiatry, orthopedics, gastro-enterology, urology, pneumology, surgery (consultation), endocrinology, cardiology, hematology, nephrology, neurology, radiology and general medicine. Physicians respond to consultations in their specialty, examine patients at the hospital, the district offices, write reports, make diagnoses, propose treatments and take on cases when required. 3. General information This request for information does not constitute a call for tenders or bid solicitation, and no agreement/contract will be concluded/awarded on reception of the information, and it is not to be construed as authorization by Canada to start work. Nothing in this request for information shall be interpreted as a commitment to solicit bids. Responding to this request for information will create no obligation. Neither Canada nor those responding to this request for information will be bound by any response to this request. All responses to this request will be kept confidential by Canada in accordance with applicable legislation. Once responses are received, they become the property of Canada. 4. Requirements of the request for information Individuals and organizations who believe that they have the requisite capacity and/or experience and/or interest should submit their response no later than the date and time shown on the first page of this document to the place there indicated. Responses may be submitted in either of Canada's official languages. Responses must contain the following information: · a description of the organization and candidate proposed, with details of their experience in this type of work; · evidence that the organization and candidate proposed are licensed to practise medicine in Quebec; · evidence that the organization and candidate proposed have professional liability insurance coverage; and · confirmation that the organization and candidate proposed are able to deliver the service required in one or other official language. For any questions or comments, please write (e-mail or fax) to: Lise Hébert Supply Officer Public Works and Government Services Canada Quebec Region Place Bonaventure, Southeast Portal  800 de la Gauchetière West, Suite 7300 Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Facsimile: PHONENUMBER_TAG Montreal, Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG  E-mail: EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Hébert, Lise Place Bonaventure, portail Sud-Est 800, rue de La Gauchetière Ouest 7 ième étage Montréal Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31702.txt	REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) - Commercially-available Project Management Training (3 courses) REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP)  DND-11/22580 Commercially-available  Project Management Training (3 courses) The Department of National Defence (DND) has a requirement for "as-and-when-requested" project management training, specifically, introductory project management training, intermediate project management training, and intermediate risk management training, using commercially-available Courses that are based on the Project Management Institute's (PMI®) [URL_TAG MANDATORY CRITERIA The Bidder must meet the following Mandatory Criteria. Please note this is a summary of the Mandatory Criteria. Please see RFP for the complete list. Course #1: Introductory Project Management - The Bidder must be a Registered Education Provider (R.E.P.) in good standing. - The Course must cover all Knowledge Objectives in accordance with the most current published edition of the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK®) Guide.  - The Course must be eligible for PMI® "professional development units" (PDUs) for PMI®-compliant training Courses.  - The Course must be taught using a minimum of 3 adult education techniques. - The Bidder must deliver the Course in both English and in French and, provide the Course materials in both English and in French. - The Bidder must provide a minimum of 1 qualified bilingual instructor or a minimum of 1 English instructor and 1 French instructor. - The Bidder must provide instructor(s) who have delivered a minimum of 2 commercially-available course serials in the past 36 months which covers at least one of the PMBOK® knowledge areas. Course #2: Intermediate Project Management - The Bidder must be a Registered Education Provider (R.E.P.) in good standing. - The Course must cover all Knowledge Objectives in accordance with the most current published edition of the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK®) Guide.  - The Course must be eligible for PMI® "professional development units" (PDUs) for PMI®-compliant training Courses. - The Course must be taught using a minimum of 3 adult education techniques. - The Bidder must deliver the Course in both English and in French and, provide the Course materials in both English and in French. - The Bidder must provide a minimum of 1 qualified bilingual instructor or a minimum of 1 English instructor and 1 French instructor. - The Bidder must provide instructor(s) who have delivered a minimum of 2 commercially-available course serials in the past 36 months which covers at least one of the PMBOK® knowledge areas. Course #3: Intermediate Risk Management - The Bidder must be a Registered Education Provider (R.E.P.) in good standing. - The Course must cover all Knowledge Objectives in accordance with the most current published edition of the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK®) Guide.  - The Course must be eligible for PMI® "professional development units" (PDUs) for PMI® -compliant training Courses. - The Course must be taught using a minimum of 3 adult education techniques. - The Bidder must deliver the Course in both English and in French and, provide the Course materials in both English and in French. - The Bidder must provide a minimum of 1 qualified bilingual instructor or a minimum of 1 English instructor and 1 French instructor. - The Bidder must provide instructor(s) who have delivered a minimum of 2 commercially-available course serials in the past 36 months which covers at least one of the PMBOK® knowledge areas. The basis of selection shall be the Bidder that offers the lowest cost compliant proposal. DND reserves the right not to award a contract, regardless of the proposals received. Where this notice and the RFP differ, the RFP shall prevail. 
39186.txt	CM-Vehicle Barriers Trade Agreement: World Trade Organization - Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: THIS AMENDMENT IS TO CHANGE THE FRENCH NOTICE OF REQUIREMENTS. THERE ARE NO CHANGES TO THE ENGLISH NOTICE OF REQUIREMENTS. PROJECT NUMBER: R.050227.009,Parliament Hill, Ottawa, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG PROJECT DESCRIPTION: Construction Management Services for the Vehicle Barriers Project MANDATORY SECURITY REQUIREMENT: This procurement contains a mandatory security requirement as follows: 1) The Contractor must, at all times during the performance of the Contract, hold a valid Facility Security Clearance at the level of SECRET, with approved Document Safeguarding at the level of SECRET, issued by the Canadian Industrial Security Directorate (CISD), Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC). 2) The Contractor personnel requiring access to CLASSIFIED information, assets or sensitive work site(s) must EACH hold a valid personnel security screening at the level of SECRET, granted or approved by the CISD, PWGSC. 3) Processing of CLASSIFIED information electronically at the Contractor's site is NOT permitted under this Contract. 4) Subcontracts which contain security requirements are NOT to be awarded without the prior written permission of CISD/PWGSC. 5) The Contractor must comply with the provisions of the: (a) Security Requirements Check List and security guide (if applicable), attached at Annex C; (b) Industrial Security Manual (Latest Edition). SECURITY CLEARANCE 1) At bid closing, the Bidder must hold a valid Facility Security Clearance at level of SECRET as indicated in section SC02 of the Supplementary Conditions of the Request For Proposal document. Failure to comply with this requirement will render the Bid non-compliant and no further consideration will be given to the Bid. 2) The Successful Bidder's personnel, as well as any subcontractor and its personnel, who are required to perform any part of the work pursuant to the subsequent contract must meet the mandatory security requirement as indicated in section SC02 f the Supplementary Conditions of the Request For Proposal document. Individuals who do not have the required level of security will not be allowed on site. It is the responsibility f the successful bidder to ensure that the security requirements are met throughout the performance of the contract. Canada will not be held liable or accountable for any delays or additional costs associated with the successful bidder's non-compliance with the mandatory security requirement. 3) For any enquiries concerning the project security requirement, during the bidding period, the Bidder must follow the instructions as detailed below in "Enquiries". Additional information on PWGSC security can also be found on the following web site: URL_TAG dialling 1-866-368-4646 (Toll free) SITE VISIT: There is no site visit for this RFP. ENQUIRIES: All enquiries are to be submitted to the Contractual Authority:Kristin Cook, tel: PHONENUMBER_TAG, facsimile (819) PHONENUMBER_TAG or by email at EMAIL_TAG. Enquiries are to be made in writing and should be received no less than five (5) calendar days prior to the closing date to allow sufficient time to respond. BID DOCUMENTS: Standard terms and conditions for this procurement are incorporated by reference into, and form part of, the bid and contract documents. The standard documents are issued by Public Works and Government Services Canada and may be viewed at the following Website: URL_TAG Firms intending to submit bids on this project should obtain bid documents through MERX at URL_TAG Invitation to Tender number. The telephone number for MERX is 1-PHONENUMBER_TAG all across Canada. Amendments, when issued, will be available from MERX. Firms that elect to base their bids on bid documents obtained from other sources do so at their own risk and will be solely responsible to inform the bid calling authority of their intention to bid. BID RECEIVING: Sealed bids will be received at: Public Works and Government Services Canada, Bid Receiving Unit, Place du Portage, Phase III, Main Lobby Core 0A1, 11 Laurier Street, Gatineau, Quebec, POSTALCODE_TAG. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Cook, Kristin 11 Laurier St./11 Rue Laurier 3C2, Place du Portage Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39200.txt	Snow Removal and Landscaping RFI Landscaping and Snow Removal Request for Information MSCS is issuing this RFI to understand suppliers' capability in the market to prepare the upcoming Request for Proposal.  Suppliers who are willing to participate the upcoming RFP will be invited when the RFP posted.  PLEASE REFER TO THE ASSOCIATED DOCUMENT(S) FOR FURTHER DETAILS - THANK YOU. 
29390.txt	SEALING RING Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Line1 and 2, NATO Stock Number P5340-20-A0F2956 SEALING RING, DAMEN SCHELDE NAVAL SHIPBUILDING B.V. VLISSINGEN, ST (H1YEO), part number 68.02.001-19; or equal. Quantity: 800, Unit of Issue: Each. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Boudreau, Susie 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 7A2, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28530.txt	Plumbing and Gas Seminar The Safety Codes Council is seeking a vendor to develop a Plumbing and Gas Seminar, including the development of course materials, activities, and instructor guide and all presentation materials. URL_TAG 
28976.txt	DND-HMCS WNPG-FIRE SYS MAINT Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: HMCS WINNIPEG - FIRE SYSTEM MAINTENANCE SUMMARY The Statement of Work is as follows: a. To carry out the Fire Detection and Suppression twenty-four monthly (24M) routine in the Department of National Defence (DND) vessel, HMCS Winnipeg, in accordance with the associated Technical Specifications detailed in the Statement of Work and Project Management Services attached as Annexes A and H. For specifications, drawings, test sheets, annexes and appendices, bidders are requested to contact the Contracting Authority identified in the bid solicitation. b. To carry out any approved unscheduled work not covered in paragraph a. above. c. The Contractor must be Underwriters Laboratory of Canada (ULC) certified to work on Halon systems. d. Ship availability will be at HMC Dockyard, Esquimalt, BC until 30 March 2012. BIDDERS' CONFERENCE A Bidders' Conference will be held at HMC Dockyard, Esquimalt, BC on Tuesday, 25 October 2011. The conference will begin at 1100, in Building D250 (FMFCB), 2nd floor Conference Room. The scope of the requirement outlined in the bid solicitation will be reviewed during the conference and questions will be answered. It is recommended that bidders who intend to submit a bid, send a 'bid attend' or send a representative. Bidders are requested to communicate with the Contracting Authority before the conference to confirm attendance. Bidders should provide, in writing, to the Contracting Authority, the names of the person(s) who will be attending and a list of issues they wish to table at least two (2) working days before the scheduled conference. Any clarifications or changes to the bid solicitation resulting from the Bidders' Conference will be included as an amendment to the bid solicitation. Bidders who do not attend will not be precluded from submitting a bid. OPTIONAL SITE VISIT - VESSEL Arrangements have been made for a viewing of the vessel. The viewing will take place immediately following the Bidder's Conference. WORK PERIOD - MARINE Work must commence and be completed as follows: Commence: 09 November 2011; Complete: 30 March 2012. SOURCING STRATEGY The sourcing strategy related to this work will be limited to suppliers in Canada in accordance with Shipbuilding, Refit, Repair and Modernization Policy (1996-12-19), subject to the Agreement on Internal Trade. The work is exempt from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), see Chapter Ten, Annex 1001.2b Paragraph 1, and the World Trade Organization Agreement n Government Procurement (WTO-AGP). See Annex 4. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Cond, Anthony A. 401 - 1230 Government Street Victoria, B. C. POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37207.txt	PORTABLE DIGITAL ULTRASOUND Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Amendment No. 2 : An amendment is raised to respond to bidder questions. All other Terms and Conditions of the RFP remain unchanged. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. MacNeil, Jennifer 11 Laurier St./ 11 rue, Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39257.txt	Window Replacements, Bridgeland Place CHC seeks the services of a qualified Contractor to perform window replacements at the CHC highrise location known as Bridgeland Place. A MANDATORY pre-tender site meeting is scheduled for: Day / Date: January 4, 2012 Time: 11:00 AM – Sharp (late attendees will be turned away) Address: 736 McDougall Court N.E. Any Tenderer not in attendance at the MANDATORY pre-tender site meeting will have their Tender documentation returned to them, unopened. This MANDATORY pre-tender site meeting is for the benefit of the Tenderer and is the only time in which clarifications will be provided, unless CHC deems it necessary to issue an Addendum to this Tender. All matters discussed in the MANDATORY pre-tender site meeting, could form part of the contract. NOTE: THIS WILL BE THE ONLY OPPORTUNITY FOR THE TENDERER TO VISIT THE WORKSITE. TENDERERS ARE NOT ALLOWED ON ANY OF THE CHC PROPERTIES WITHOUT SPECIFIC PERMISSION FROM CHC. URL_TAG 
35488.txt	Replace Auxiliary Generator Building 473 DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – #WR53536 – Replace Auxiliary Generator Building 473, CFB/ASU Wainwright, AB. The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment to remove an existing and supply and install new generator, controls, fuel system and transfer switch for Building 473 at CFB/ASU Wainwright, AB. For DCC Tender Board Projects, Plans and Specifications (P&S) are picked up at the DCC Site Office located at the following address: Building 188  400 Buffalo Road CFB/ASU Wainwright, Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: 780-842-1363 x 1370 The MERX order confirmation number authorizing the order of Project #WR53536 must be presented to the DCC Site Office when picking up P&S. A MERX order confirmation number can be obtained from MERX by logging on their website: URL_TAG THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $85,800.00. A site meeting will be held at the following date, time and location. It is highly recommended that bidders attend this site meeting. Date: December 7, 2011 Time: 1330 hours, local time Location: DCC Site Office, Building 188, 400 Buffalo Road, CFB/ASU Wainwright, AB. The tender closing date is: December 15, 2011 The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time. Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: Edmonton Construction Association  10215 176 Street  Edmonton, Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG. Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association.  Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the Bid Opening Office and from the DCC Site at telephone PHONENUMBER_TAG. Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact anyone other than the DCC Contracting Authority to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS -VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG 
39211.txt	Fequest for Quotation Kitchen and Banquet Hall Equipment Your firm is invited to submit a quotation, pursuant to the general conditions for the scope of work as described for Kitchen and Banquet Hall Equipment for the Badlands Community Facility. The quotation must include labour, materials, equipment and overhead. The request shall not be considered authorization to proceed with the work herein described. URL_TAG 
27726.txt	Opportunity Description: Delivery Required 2011-11-28 The trade in vehicles can be viewed by contacting Noel Hamann at 506-734-3532. The vehicles are at Tourism and Parks, 131 Discovery Road, Hopewell Cape, NB. This tender is to be awarded to low overall with the Trade-Ins included. This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must btain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. RETURN TO: CENTRAL TENDERING BRANCH P.O. Box 8000 Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Marysville Place Room Number 205, 20 McGloin Street Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG Public opening of bids will take place on closing day at 14:00 Atlantic Time, in Marysville Place, Room 205, 20 McGloin Street, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG. All bids must be stated in Canadian Funds. All tenders must be F.O.B. destination, freight prepaid. Sales taxes should not be included in the unit, extended or total prices. This Invitation is being conducted under the provisions of the Public Purchasing Act and Regulation as of the date of the issuance of the Invitation. Bidders may obtain a copy of the Act and Regulation from The Queen's Printer, Province of N.B., P.O. Box 6000, Fredericton, N.B. E3B 5H1 The Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms & Conditions for Goods and Services apply to this procurement and are considered to be incorporated into this document. By submitting a bid, you agree and accept these terms and conditions. Current "Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions" are available on the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, the Council of Atlantic Premiers' Website or from an authorized service provider. Direct Deposit The province of New Brunswick is now using Direct Deposit as the standard method of government payments. Suppliers are required to provide bank account information (and email address if available) for remittance. Please send the completed Direct Deposit Form to the New Brunswick Internal Services Agency as indicated on the form. A bidder must obtain official bid documents from a distribution service, authorized by the Minister of Supply and Services, in order to submit a bid. The current authorized distribution services are the New Brunswick Opportunities Network (NBON) (operated by the Department of Supply and Services, Province of NB), BIDS (operated by Tendering Publications Ltd.) and MERX (operated by Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Failure to submit the official bid documents or provide proof that the official bid documents were properly obtained will result in rejection of the bid. In order to facilitate the evaluation process, Bidders are requested to respond in the same format as the official bid documents. For procurements which are not subject to the provisions of one or more of the interprovincial procurement agreements, the Province of New Brunswick reserves the right to apply Provincial or regional Preferences, consider local content in the evaluation of bids and/or refuse to consider bids from vendors from other jurisdictions when it is considered to be in the best interests of the Province. When determining the use of these conditions, the Province will consider, among other factors, the extent to which New Brunswick vendors have access to equivalent procurement pportunities in those jurisdictions and the treatment accorded by those jurisdictions to bids from New Brunswick vendors. The Province will be the sole judge of whether these conditions will be used and the extent to which they will be applied. All discounts quoted will be considered to be without limitations. Payment of invoices is the responsibility of the department or rganization to whom the goods are shipped or services are supplied. Award of contracts: no contract shall be awarded and no payment shall be made to a vendor unless authorized by the Minister or his delegates. The Minister may make an award to the preferred vendor conditional on the negotiation and acceptance of a detailed contract between the Province and the vendor. In such cases, should the detailed contract negotiations not be completed in a reasonable period of time, the Province reserves the right to discontinue negotiations with the vendor and subsequently enter into negotiations with the second preferred vendor. No right or duty, in whole or in part, of the vendor under a contract issued may be assigned or delegated without the prior consent of the Central Purchasing Branch. Unless the Central Purchasing Branch has determined otherwise prior to tender closing, all prices must be extended and totalled. Item #: 1 Commodity No.: N7810E Quantity: 1 Each Club Car Villager 8 or equivalent 8 passenger golf cart; able to climb 6% grade with full load. Gas, minimum 351cc or 11.5hp for 8 passengers, Canopy, Windshield - hinged or one piece, Headlights, taillights, brake lights and horn, Front and Rear bumpers, Electronic Fuel Gauge/Hour Meter, Low-oil Warning Light, dual beverage holders and dash storage, Rearview mirrors - 1 inside and 2 outside, Wheel Covers 2 year/2000 hour limited warranty Item #: 2 Commodity No.: N7810E Quantity: 2 Each Club Car Turf 2 utility vehicle or equivalent Utility vehicles: minimum 11.5 H.P. 351cc gas engine; dump box (15.3 cu.ft. - 800lb. capacity) with power box lift. Canopy, Windshield - hinged or one piece, Headlights, taillights, brake lights and horn, Front and Rear bumpers, Electronic Fuel Gauge/Hour Meter, Low-oil Warning Light, Rearview mirrors - 1 inside and 2 outside, Wheel Covers, trailer hitch, Differential skid plate 2 year/2000 hour limited warranty Item #: 3 Commodity No.: N7810E Quantity: 1 Each Trade in: 2003 Club Car Villager 8, approx. 4,000 hours Item #: 4 Commodity No.: N7810E Quantity: 1 Each Trade in: Club Car 1998 Carryall utility vehicle, approx. 4,000 hours. Bidders are requested to include specifications on product quoted with the bid. This procurement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement on Internal Trade, the Atlantic Procurement Agreement and the Quebec-New Brunswick Procurement Agreement.     Livraison requise 2011-11-28 The trade in vehicles can be viewed by contacting Noel Hamann at 506-734-3532. The vehicles are at Tourism and Parks, 131 Discovery Road, Hopewell Cape, NB. This tender is to be awarded to low overall with the Trade-Ins included. La présente est un avis d'appel d'offres seulement. Afin de présenter une soumission, vous devez obtenir les documents de soumission officiels en vous adressant au Réseau de possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick, à un service de distribution autorisé ou à une autre source telle qu'indiquée dans l'avis d'appel d'offres. RETOURNER À : SECTION CENTRALE DES APPELS D'OFFRES C.P. 8000 Fredericton (N.-B.) POSTALCODE_TAG Place Marysville 20, rue McGloin, Bureau 205, Fredericton (N.-B.) POSTALCODE_TAG Téléc. PHONENUMBER_TAG L'ouverture publique des soumissions se fera la journée de fermeture à14 h, heure de l'Atlantique, Place Marysville, 20, rue McGloin, Bureau 205, Fredericton, (N.-B.) POSTALCODE_TAG. Toutes les soumissions doivent être indiqué en dollars canadiens. Présenter toutes les soumissions F.À.B. destination, port payé. Les taxes de vente ne devraient pas être incluses dans les prix unitaires, additionnés ou totaux. Le présent appel d'offres est tenu en vertu des dispositions de la Loi sur les achats public et de ses règlements d'application à compter de la date de lancement de l'appel d'offres. Les soumissionnaires peuvent obtenir une copie de la Loi et ses règlements auprès de l'Imprimeur de la Reine, province du Nouveau Brunswick, C.P. 6000, Fredericton (N. B.) POSTALCODE_TAG. Les Conditions générales normalisées des provinces de l'Atlantique pour les marchés de biens et services s'appliquent à cet achat et sont réputées faire partie du présent document. En présentant une offre, vous approuvez et acceptez ces conditions générales. Vous pouvez obtenir les « Conditions générales normalisées des provinces de l'Atlantique » courantes par le biais du Réseau de possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick, le site Web du Conseil des premiers ministres de l'Atlantique ou par l'entremise d'un fournisseur de services autorisé. Dépôt direct La province du Nouveau-Brunswick utilise maintenant le dépôt direct comme méthode de paiement pour le gouvernement. Les fournisseurs doivent fournir l'information sur leur compte bancaire (et adresse de courriel si possible) pour obtenir leur paiement. Veuillez envoyer le formulaire dûment rempli Formulaire pour le virement direct de fonds à l'Agence des services internes du Nouveau-Brunswick comme il est indiqué à la formulaire. Le soumissionnaire doit obtenir les documents de soumission officiels d'un service de distribution autorisé par le ministre de l'Approvisionnement et des Services afin de pouvoir présenter sa soumission. Ces services de distribution autorisés sont :le Réseau des possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick (RPANB) (offert par le ministère de l'Approvisionnement et des Services du Nouveau Brunswick), BIDS (offert par Tendering Publications Ltée) et MERX (offert par Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Pour qu'une soumission soit acceptée, il faut qu'elle soit présentée sur des formules officielles ou que l'on puisse montrer que les formules ont été obtenues de façon dûment autorisée. Dans le but de faciliter le processus d'évaluation, on demande aux soumissionnaires de répondre selon le même format que celui du document de soumission officiel. Pour les approvisionnements qui ne sont pas assujettis aux dispositions de l'un ou l'autre des accords commerciaux entre provinces, la province du Nouveau Brunswick se réserve le droit d'appliquer des préférences provinciales ou régionales, de considérer le contenu local dans l'évaluation des soumissions ou encore de refuser de considérer les soumissions présentées par les vendeurs d'autres territoires lorsque l'on considère que c'est au mieux des intérêts de la Province. En déterminant le recours à ces conditions, la Province tiendra compte, entre autres facteurs, de la capacité des vendeurs du Nouveau Brunswick d'avoir accès aux possibilités de marchés publics équivalents dans d'autres territoires et du traitement accordé par ces territoires aux soumissions présentées par les vendeurs du Nouveau Brunswick. La Province est la seule à pouvoir déterminer si ces conditions sont appliquées et jusqu'à quel point. Tous les rabais indiqués dans la soumission seront considérés être sans restriction. Le paiement des factures est la responsabilité du Ministère ou l'organisation à qui les biens ont été envoyés ou les services fournis. Adjudication des contrats : aucun contrat ne doit être accordé ni aucun paiement versé à un vendeur à moins d'avoir été autorisé par le Ministre u les personnes désignées par lui. Le Ministre peut accorder un contrat à un vendeur privilégié à condition qu'un contrat détaillé ait été négocié et accepté entre la Province et le vendeur. Dans ce cas, si les négociations du contrat détaillé ne sont pas terminées dans un délai raisonnable, la Province se réserve le droit d'interrompre les négociations avec le vendeur et d'entreprendre par la suite des négociations avec le vendeur privilégié suivant. Aucun droit ni obligation, en totalité ou en partie, du vendeur en vertu du contrat accordé ne peut être attribué ou délégué sans le consentement écrit préalable de la Direction centrale des achats. À moins d'un avis contraire de la Centrale des achats avant la fin de l'appel d'offres, tous les prix doivent être calculés et totalisés. Nº d'article: 1 Ndegrees de la marchandise: N7810E Quantity: 1 Chacun Club Car Villager 8 or equivalent 8 passenger golf cart; able to climb 6% grade with full load. Gas, minimum 351cc or 11.5hp for 8 passengers, Canopy, Windshield - hinged or one piece, Headlights, taillights, brake lights and horn, Front and Rear bumpers, Electronic Fuel Gauge/Hour Meter, Low-oil Warning Light, dual beverage holders and dash storage, Rearview mirrors - 1 inside and 2 outside, Wheel Covers 2 year/2000 hour limited warranty Nº d'article: 2 Ndegrees de la marchandise: N7810E Quantity: 2 Chacun Club Car Turf 2 utility vehicle or equivalent Utility vehicles: minimum 11.5 H.P. 351cc gas engine; dump box (15.3 cu.ft. - 800lb. capacity) with power box lift. Canopy, Windshield - hinged or one piece, Headlights, taillights, brake lights and horn, Front and Rear bumpers, Electronic Fuel Gauge/Hour Meter, Low-oil Warning Light, Rearview mirrors - 1 inside and 2 outside, Wheel Covers, trailer hitch, Differential skid plate 2 year/2000 hour limited warranty Nº d'article: 3 Ndegrees de la marchandise: N7810E Quantity: 1 Chacun Trade in: 2003 Club Car Villager 8, approx. 4,000 hours Nº d'article: 4 Ndegrees de la marchandise: N7810E Quantity: 1 Chacun Trade in: Club Car 1998 Carryall utility vehicle, approx. 4,000 hours. Les soumissionnaires sont tenus d'inclure dans leur soumission les spécifications des produits pour lesquels ils proposent un prix. Le présent marché est assujetti à l'Entente sur le Commerce Intérieur, à l'Entente sur les Marchés Publics de l'Atlantique et à l'Accord de Libéralisation des Marchés Publics du Québec et du Nouveau-Brunswick.     Administrative address is Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton, New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Delivery Address is TOURISM & PARKS, HOPEWELL ROCKS 131 Discovery Road Hopewell Cape, New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG     L'adresse administrative est Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton, Nouveau-Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG L'adresse de livrraison est TOURISM & PARKS, HOPEWELL ROCKS 131 Discovery Road Hopewell Cape, Nouveau-Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG
38133.txt	Snowmobile rental RB 2012 Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TITLE: Snowmobiles rentals for the Rafale blanche 2012 OBJECTIVE: Lease of snowmobiles and safety helmets, including maintenance and repair services, on behalf of the Department of National Defence (DND) and for the use of members of the Canadian Forces (CF) on a military exercise entitled "RAFALE BLANCHE 2012 (Ex RB12)" to take place in Quebec in the Beauce-Chaudière-Appalaches region and at the Valcartier Garrison. BACKGROUD: Supply the number of items requested, including snowmobiles and approved helmets that are in good condition; provide qualified personnel and appropriate equipment for the return transportation of the equipment; and provide the personnel, tools and equipment required to unload the equipment upon delivery and reload it for its return, as well as to repair or replace defective equipment within the prescribed time frame, in accordance with the requirements, as specified in Annex A of the Request for Proposal; Each snowmobile supplied may be a new or used late model (2008 r later), in perfect working condition and designed for heavy work and hauling heavy loads, duly registered and licensed in accordance with applicable Quebec legislation. Each snowmobile provided by the Contractor shall be authorized to travel on the trails of the Fédération des Clubs de motoneiges du Québec. LEASE PERIOD January 31tsh to February 9th 2012, inclusive February 10th to February 13th 2012, inclusive February 17th to March 1st 2012, inclusive February 17th to March 16th 2012, inclusive This Public Works and Government Services Canada office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Lessard, Mathieu 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Quebéc POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39153.txt	12795, Milled Rumble Strips and Other Work TRANSPORTATION SEALED TENDERS will be received in the Tender Administration Section, Suite 100, First Floor, Twin Atria Bldg., 4999 - 98 Ave., in Edmonton, AB, before 2:01:00 P.M. on the closing dates noted below for the construction of the following work: Tender No. 12795 Milled Rumble Strips and Other Work District 14 Various Locations in the Peace River District Peace Region Approximate Quantities: 937 kilometres Milled Rumble Strips 425 kilometres Roadway Line Painting Contractor to supply all materials. Consultant: ARA Engineering Ltd. (Contact Ryan Konowalyk, Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG). URL_TAG 
39237.txt	Opportunity Description: Edmonton Public Schools is requesting quotations for Commercial Kitchen Equipment as per attached package of information and specifications.   Addendum 1 Attached.
28361.txt	Opportunity Description: The scope of this RFP includes supply of material, demolition and disposal of old material and construction and installation of the new material for the different areas as per drawings in Section 9; attachment 1, 2 and 3. Detail instructions for demolition and construction will be added to each drawing. The renovation of the designated washrooms shall not take longer than two weeks. This project will be for the upgrading of Male and female washrooms for the following buildings:  ? Bob Lamb (lower level)  ? SEIC (Suncor Energy Industrial Campus)  ? Theatre Lobby
30502.txt	DND-BAG Meat-Poultry Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: DESCRIPTION: This Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) request involves the provision, on an as and when ordered basis, of Meat, poultry and delicatessen. IDENTIFIED USER: Department of National Defence, 3 Wing Bagotville, Bagotville, province of Quebec. PERIOD OF STANDING PROPOSAL: From June 1, 2011 to May 31, 2012, divided into four (4) three- (3-) month periods. Note: Offers will have to be submitted for each period, as per the schedule in Annex "B". One or more Standing Offers could be issued for each period. DELIVERY: NOTE: Delivery hours must be respected. If an offeror can not meet this requirement, he will have to clearly specify his delivery possibilities on his offer. The client will then determine if the proposed days and hours can be acceptable. If not, the offer will not be considered. DELIVERY DND-BAG  Delivery addresses Delivery hours and specifications Department of National Defence 3 Wing Bagotville Building 87 Alouette (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:30 AM and between 1:00 PM and 1:30 PM Department of National Defence 3 Wing Bagotville Building 55 Alouette (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:30 AM and between 1:00 PM and 1:30 PM Only in June, July and August. Delay: The National Defence representative will place the orders at least fourty-eight (48) hours before delivery date. Emergency services: At all times during the period of the Standing Offer, when "Urgent" requests are made, the offerer (s) will commit to supplying the goods within twenty-four (24) hours following receipt of an order. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: Back Order: No substitute product will be accepted without prior authorization of the National Defence representative. QUANTITIES: The estimated quantities for each of the required items can be found in Annex B - Working Document - List of products. APPROXIMATE SCOPE OF THE STANDING PROPOSAL: The approximate scope of the Standing Proposal is $130,000.00 for the period from June 1, 2011 to May 31, 2012 inclusive. TRADE AGREEMENTS: "The requirement is subject to a preference for Canadian goods and/or services". Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Champoux, Nicolas Gare Maritime Champlain Champlain Maritime Harbour 901, Cap Diamant Québec City Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35475.txt	Request for Expression of Interest - Building 5/Level 1 Retail Opportunity Ontario Shores Centre for Mental Health Sciences is a public hospital that provides a spectrum of specialized assessment and treatment services to those living with complex and serious mental illnesses. Exemplary patient care is delivered through safe and evidence-based approaches where successful outcomes are achieved using best clinical practices, and the latest advances in research. Patients benefit from a recovery-oriented environment of care built on compassion, inspiration and hope. Hospital staff are committed to providing excellent patient care, ongoing learning and maintain a safe, respectful and positive environment. Employing more than 1,200 staff, the Hospital is accredited by Accreditation Canada. The facility operates with the support of the Ministry of Health and Long Term Care and local health integration networks (LHINs) and is regulated by the Public Hospitals Act, the Mental Health Act and other provincial and federal legislation. Further information about the Hospital is available at URL_TAG Opportunity: The Hospital is issuing this RFEI to determine the interest and capabilities of the supplier community in providing a solution for a prime location that will be available in the Hospital as of 2012. The space is located in Building 5, Level 2  The Hospital is looking for solutions that will support the Hospital's Mission and Values in providing treatment and advocacy in mental healthcare. These solutions will be: (a) Business ventures that would transform this prime location, while maintaining a clean, safe environment for patients, guest and staff (b) Compliant with all governmental laws, standards and regulations, as well compliant with the preservation of the Hospital's corporate reputation through ethical business practices (c) Unique, to avoid duplication of existing services/programs (d) Designed to engage the community  The solutions must also provide long-term sustainability, with a superior and consistent return on investment. 
39221.txt	DND-BAG Cheese Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: DESCRIPTION: This Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) request involves the provision, on an as and when ordered basis, of Cheese. IDENTIFIED USER: Department of National Defence, 3 Wing Bagotville, Bagotville, province of Quebec. PERIOD OF STANDING PROPOSAL: From February 1, 2012 to January 31, 2013, divided into two (2) six- (6-) month periods. Note: Offers will have to be submitted for each period, as per the schedule in Annex "B". One or more Standing Offers could be issued for each period. DELIVERY: NOTE: Delivery hours must be respected. If an offeror can not meet this requirement, he will have to clearly specify his delivery possibilities on his offer. The client will then determine if the proposed days and hours can be acceptable. If not, the offer will not be considered. DELIVERY DND-BAG  Delivery addresses Delivery hours and specifications Department of National Defence 3 Wing Bagotville Building 87 Alouette (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:30 AM and between 1:00 PM and 1:30 PM Department of National Defence 3 Wing Bagotville Building 55 Alouette (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:30 AM and between 1:00 PM and 1:30 PM Only in June, July and August. Delay: The National Defence representative will place the orders at least fourty-eight (48) hours before delivery date. Emergency services: At all times during the period of the Standing Offer, when "Urgent" requests are made, the offerer (s) will commit to supplying the goods within twenty-four (24) hours following receipt of an order. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: Back Order: No substitute product will be accepted without prior authorization of the National Defence representative. QUANTITIES: The estimated quantities for each of the required items can be found in Annex B - Working Document - List of products. APPROXIMATE SCOPE OF THE STANDING PROPOSAL: The approximate scope of the Standing Proposal is $40,000.00 for the period from February 1, 2012 to January 31, 2013 inclusive. TRADE AGREEMENTS: "The requirement is subject to a preference for Canadian goods and/or services". Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Fournier, Caroline 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec City Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29149.txt	CSC-MTL Fish and seafood Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: DESCRIPTION: This Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) request involves the provision, on an as and when ordered basis, of Fish and seafood. IDENTIFIED USER: Correctional Service Canada, various institutions, province of Quebec. PERIOD OF STANDING PROPOSAL: From December 1, 2011 to November 30, 2012, divided into four (4) three- (3-) month periods. Note: Offers will have to be submitted for each period, as per the schedule in Annex "B". DELIVERY: DELIVERY CSC-MTL (Various Institutions)  Delivery addresses Delivery hours and details Montée St-François Institution 600, Montée St-François Laval (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG Monday and Tuesday (preferably Monday), between 8:30 AM and 11:00 AM. Federal Training Center 205, Montée St-François Laval (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG Monday and Tuesday (preferably Monday), between 8:30 AM and 11:00 AM. IMPORTANT: Vehicules making deliveries to the Federal Training Center must not exceed 11'4'' in height. Leclerc Institution 400, Montée St-François Laval (Québec) H7C 1S7 Monday and Tuesday (preferably Monday), between 8:30 AM and 11:00 AM. Ste-Anne-des-Plaines Institution 244, Montée Gagnon Ste-Anne-des-Plaines (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG Monday and Tuesday (preferably Monday), between 8:30 AM and 11:00 AM. Drummond Institution 2025, boul. Jean-de-Brébeuf Drummondville (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG Monday to Friday between 8:30 AM and 11:00 AM and between 1:30 and 3:30 PM. Delay: Delivery will be made in accordance with the delivery date mentioned on the call-up document. Delivery within 24 hours for emergencies. Minimum value for call-ups will not be accepted. Security: Please note that there might be a delay entering and exiting the institutions. The client may require that a security investigation be made on the supplier's delivery staff. Furthermore, the supplier shall ensure that his staff members carry a proof of identity at all times, or they will be denied access to the site. The delivery vehicles may be searched when entering and exiting the institutions. QUANTITIES: The estimated quantities for each of the required items can be found in Annex B - Working Document - List of products. APPROXIMATE SCOPE OF THE STANDING PROPOSAL: The approximate scope of the Standing Proposal is $87,000.00 for the period from December 1, 2011 to November 30, 2012 inclusive. TRADE AGREEMENTS: "The requirement is subject to the provisions of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), and the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT)." Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Fournier, Caroline Gare Maritime Champlain Champlain Maritime Harbour 901, Cap Diamant Québec City Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37257.txt	4002084-b1 HEADINGLEY CORRECTIONAL CENTRE ABOVEGROUND FUEL TANK REPLACEMENT Infrastructure and Transportation INVITATION TO BID Sealed bids will be received at the Main Floor, 1700 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, POSTALCODE_TAG, prior to 2:00 P.M. prevailing Winnipeg time, JANUARY 18, 2012 for: MIT PROJECT NO. 4002084-b1 HEADINGLEY CORRECTIONAL CENTRE 6030 PORTAGE AVE., HEADINGLEY, MB ABOVEGROUND FUEL TANK REPLACEMENT Bidders must obtain the drawings, specifications, and bid documents prepared for the work from Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation, Main Floor, 1700 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, POSTALCODE_TAG. To obtain bidding documents, callPHONENUMBER_TAG.  Documents must be picked up between the hours of 8:00 am and 4:00 pm. A Mandatory site visit has been scheduled for 2:00 P.M. on January 4, 2012 at the Headingley Correctional Centre, 6030 Portage Ave., Headingley, MB. Interested Proponents are to meet on site at the Duty Office in the Administration building. Bids will not be accepted from bidders that have not attended the mandatory site visit. Each bid must be accompanied with a fully executed original Bid Bond in the amount of 10% of the Bid Price. No substitute for the original Bid Bond will be accepted. Bidders must submit a current Certificate of Recognition (COR) or current dated "acceptable documentation" with the bid submission or within three (3) business days of the close of bidding. Failure to submit the required documentation within three (3) business days will cause the tender to be rejected. Only firm bids will be considered. The receipt or opening of any Bid is not acceptance; acceptance of any Bid may only be made in writing by the Department; and there is no obligation by the Department to accept the lowest or any Bid. Winnipeg, Manitoba December 12, 2011 
27728.txt	Opportunity Description: Supply and delivery of Supply and delivery of 750 mcm 28 kV 3x1/C Copper EPR CN Power Cable. .
37199.txt	Longueuil - Clean Room Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: LONGUEUIL HEALTH CANADA REPLANNING CLEAN ROOM PROJECT NO. R.048769.001 The project consist in the replanning of a section of the 3rd storey laboratory. In architecture, partition demolition (including the existing clean room), laboratory metal casework and finishes demolition are planned. New laboratory painted metal casework are planned as well as the installation of a new clean room made of three rooms. Supply and installation of the new clean room will be by the clean room supplier, but under the general contractor's supervision. The electromechanical work consist in the demolition of the laboratory services, the demolition of the VAV boxes, the services, the equipments and the electrical services of the existing clean room. The project includes the installation of new laboratory services, connection of new clean room equipments and connection f a new biological laboratory hood. The total estimated cost for the contract is estimated between $250,001 and 500,000$ There will be a site visit on December 14th, 2011 at 10h00AM. Interested bidders are to meet at Health Canada Laboratories and Offices; 1001, Saint-Laurent West road, Longueuil (Québec) J4K 1C7 (located 10 minutes from the Longueil Metro Station - Sherbrooke University) Parking at Health Canada must be paid. Individuals must present themselves at the main entrance for inscription to the register f the visitors. INQUIRIES: All enquiries regarding this tender, are to be submitted in writing to the Contractual Authority: Maria Pia Aguilera, Supply Officer, fascimile PHONENUMBER_TAG or by e-mail at EMAIL_TAG TENDER DOCUMENTS: Firms intending to submit tenders on this project should obtain tender documents through the MERX service provider. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the MERX service provider. Firms that elect to base their bids on tender documents obtained from other sources do so at their own risk and will be solely responsible to inform the tender calling authority of their intention to bid.  The Crown reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Standard terms and conditions for this procurement are incorporated by reference into, and form part f, the tender and contract documents. The standard documents are issued by Public Works and Government Services Canada and may be viewed on the MERX electronic bulletin board as part of the information module. Statements of Works and plans may be view at the following locations: ACQ at St-Léonard, APECQ at Chemin de la Savane, Montréal, PWGSC at Place Bonaventure, 800 De la Gauchetière Ouest, Portail Sud-Est, Bureau 7300, Montréal. Drawings and Specifications are now available for viewing and downloading in a Portable Document Format (PDF) or in a standard paper version. Tenderers should note that Attachment 1 (ATT 1) contains the Drawings and Specifications Package (DSP) which consists of PDF files organized in an industry recognized directory structure BID RECEIVING: Sealed tenders will be received in English or French at: Public Works and Government Services Canada, Place Bonaventure, South-East Portal B, 800 De la Gauchetiere Street West, suite 7300, Montreal Quebec, POSTALCODE_TAG.  This PWGSC office provides acquisition services to the public in both official languages. Ce bureau de TPSGC fournit des services d'achat au public dans les deux langues officielles. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Aguilera, Maria Pia Place Bonaventure, portail Sud-Est 800, rue de La Gauchetière Ouest 7 ième étage Montréal Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39128.txt	TSPS Solicitation 1000303011 3 Procurement Specialists NOTICE OF PROPOSED PROCUREMENT (NPP) –Task and Solutions Professional Services (TSPS) REQUIREMENTS NOTICE OF PROPOSED PROCUREMENT TASK BASED E60ZN-090002 PROFESSIONAL SERVICES - (TSPS) REQUIREMENT File No.1000303011  TIER 1 (< $2M) This requirement is for the Canada Border Services Agency This requirement is for the Project Management Services Class for the services of: Number of Resources Consultant Category Level of Experience 3 3.7 Procurement Specialist Level 3 Up to three Contracts may be awarded. This requirement is open only to the following companies who qualified under the stated consultant categories, security level, region and tier: 168446 Canada Inc. 3755479 Canada Inc. 4336615 Canada Inc. 529040 ONTARIO INC and 880382 ONTARIO INC A. Net Solutions ADGA Group Consultants Inc. Adirondack Information Management Inc. ADRM Technology Consulting Group Corp. ADRM Technology Consulting Group Corp. / Randstad Interim Inc. Alika Internet Technologies Inc. Altis Human Resources (Ottawa) Inc. Amtek Engineering services Ltd. AZUR HUMAN RESOURCES LIMITED BP & M Government IM & IT Consulting Inc. Bragelo Group Inc. Calian Ltd. Chelsea Consulting Group Inc. COLLIGO CONSULTING INCORPORATED Conoscenti Technologies Inc. Conseillers en Informatique d'Affaires CIA Inc Contract Community Inc. CONTRACT COMMUNITY INC., NISHA TECHNOLOGIES INC IN JOINT VENTURE Coradix technology Consulting Ltd. CORE Software Corporation Inc. CoreTracks Inc. CPCS Transcom Limited Dalian Enterprises and Coradix Technology Consulting, in Joint Venture DAMA Consulting Services Limited Dare Human Resources Corporation Eagle Professional Resources Inc. Emerion eVison Inc., Softsims Technologies Inc. FMC Professionals Inc. GENIVAR Inc. Government Procurement Consultants Ltd. Government Procurement Consultants Ltd. Turner Consulting & Management Services Inc.,  12131415 Ontario Inc. in Joint Venture HDP Group Inc I4C INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CONSULTING INC IAN MARTIN LIMITED IBISKA Telecom Inc. IBM Canada Ltd. Information Management and Technology Consultants Inc. Interis Consulting Inc. IT Services Canada Inc. IT/Net - Ottawa Inc. John Holinsky Lansdowne Technologies Inc. Les Technologies S.T.A.Y. inc. Leverage Technology Resources Inc. LNW Consulting Inc Lumina IT inc. Lumina IT inc./C.B.-Z. Inc. (Joint Venture) Maplesoft Consulting Inc. Mason Clark Group Inc. McDonnell Doane + Associates Limited MHPM Project Managers Inc. Modis Canada Inc Multi-Access Systems Ltd. Naut'sa mawt Resources Group, Inc. NexProject Solutions Inc. Nortak Software Ltd. Novo Energy Group Inc. NRNS Incorporated Performance Management Network Inc. Perram Consulting Inc. PGF Consultants Inc. Phirelight E-Business Solutions Inc. Planet Personnel Agency Inc. Pleiad Canada Inc. PPI Consulting Limited Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP Procom Consultants Group Ltd Promaxis Systems Inc ProVision IT Resources Ltd. Quallium Corporation RainMakers Consulting Services Inc Randstad Interim Incorporated Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Consulting Inc. RED FEATHER CONSULTING INC, SPEARHEAD MANAGEMENT CANADA LIMITED /  GESTION SPEARHEAD CANADA LIMITEE IN JOINT VENTURE RFP Solutions Inc. Robert Half Canada Inc. Robertson & Company Ltd. Roman Klimowicz Consulting S.i. Systems Ltd. Sheffield Blake Ltd. Sinapse interventions stratégiques inc. SoftSim Technologies Inc. Somos Consulting Group Ltd. Spearhead Management Canada Ltd. Strategic Relationships Solutions Inc. Systematix IT Solutions Inc./Systematix Technologies de L'Information Inc./ Les Services Conseils Systematix Inc. in Joint Venture. Systemscope Inc. Systemscope Inc., LNW Consulting Inc., Perfortics Consulting Inc., VK Computer Systems Inc.,  Lansdowne Technology Services Inc., IN JOINT VENTURE The Bell Telephone Company of Canada or Bell Canada/ La Compagnie de Téléphone Bell du Canada ou Bell Canada The Corporate Research Group Ltd. The Devon Group Ltd. The Halifax Group Inc. Transpolar Technology Corporation and The Halifax Computer Consulting Group  In Joint Venture TRM Technologies Inc. Valcom Consulting group Inc. Veritaaq Technology House Inc. Yoush Inc. Request For Proposal (RFP) documents will be e-mailed directly, from the contracting officer, to the Qualified Supply Arrangement Holders who are being invited to bid on this requirement.  BIDDERS ARE ADVISED THAT MERX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS.  Location of work to be performed: National Capital Region Inquiries regarding this RFP requirement are to be submitted to the Contracting Authority listed below. File Number: 1000303011 Contracting Authority: Danielle Gudbranson Phone Number: 613-948-7667 Fax Number: 613-948-9309 Email: EMAIL_TAG The CBSA requires the services of three Procurement Specialists, Level 3. These services are required, as and when requested, for a period of one year with the option to extend for up to two additional one-year periods.  Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. NOTE: Task-Based Professional Services (TSPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on an annual basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG. 
28291.txt	Training Services on managing time, priorities and projects using Mircrosoft Outlook Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Training Sessions EN519-120261 Nicole Génier Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG NOTICE OF PROPOSED PROCUREMENT The Learning, Career Management and Recognition Directorate of the Human Resources Branch of Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) requires the services of Instructors for the delivery of courses in using Microsoft Outlook to Manage Time and Priorities and to Manage Projects in English and French n an "as and when requested" basis. The training is to be delivered in the National Capital Region (NCR) and across Canada when needed. The period of the contract will be from date of contract award to March 31, 2012 inclusive with an irrevocable option on the part of Canada to extend the term of the Contract by up to three (3) additional one (1) year periods. A bid must comply with the requirements of the bid solicitation and meet all mandatory evaluation criteria and obtain the required minimum points specified to be declared responsive. The responsive bid with the lowest evaluated price will be recommended for award of a contract. Should there be any discrepancies between the wording of this notice and the Request For Proposal (RFP), the RFP wording will prevail. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Génier, Nicole 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 10C1, Place du Portage Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31199.txt	Opportunity Description: Tender - TOSS11-18 One (1) only new, not previously used, One way snow plow of Make/Model Larochelle/SU9R3066 or equivalent The Town of St. Stephen St. Stephen, New Brunswick The Town of St. Stephen is inviting quotations from qualified proponents to supply one (1) nly new, not previously used, one way snow plow of Make/Model Larochelle/SU9R3066 or equivalent that meets or exceeds the specifications attached to this tender request. Closing Date for receiving the submissions: The response to the Tender is to be completed as detailed in the Tender documents and delivered by <u>2:00 PM on Wednesday, November 16, 2011</u>, in hard copy (the original and one copy) to: Treasurer The Town of St. Stephen 73 Milltown Boulevard, Suite 112, St. Stephen, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Tender documents can be obtained from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network or by contacting Mr. Frank Godsoe, CA, CFP at <u>506-467-6432</u> or by Email at: EMAIL_TAG. This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must btain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. TRUCKS, SNOW REMOVAL, EQUIPMENT     Tender - TOSS11-18 One (1) only new, not previously used, One way snow plow of Make/Model Larochelle/SU9R3066 or equivalent The Town of St. Stephen St. Stephen, New Brunswick The Town of St. Stephen is inviting quotations from qualified proponents to supply one (1) nly new, not previously used, one way snow plow of Make/Model Larochelle/SU9R3066 or equivalent that meets or exceeds the specifications attached to this tender request. Closing Date for receiving the submissions: The response to the Tender is to be completed as detailed in the Tender documents and delivered by <u>2:00 PM on Wednesday, November 16, 2011</u>, in hard copy (the original and one copy) to: Treasurer The Town of St. Stephen 73 Milltown Boulevard, Suite 112, St. Stephen, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Tender documents can be obtained from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network or by contacting Mr. Frank Godsoe, CA, CFP at <u>506-467-6432</u> or by Email at: EMAIL_TAG. La présente est un avis d'appel d'offres seulement. Afin de présenter une soumission, vous devez obtenir les documents de soumission officiels en vous adressant au Réseau de possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick, à un service de distribution autorisé ou à une autre source telle qu'indiquée dans l'avis d'appel d'offres. CAMIONS,EQUIPEMENT POUR DEBLAYAGE DE LA NEIGE     Administrative address is Town of St. Stephen 73 Milltown Blvd, Suite 112 ST STEPHEN, New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG     L'adresse administrative est Town of St. Stephen 73 Milltown Blvd, Suite 112 ST STEPHEN, Nouveau-Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG
29248.txt	LEOPARD C2 - SPARE PARTS Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: SPARE PARTS FOR LEOPARD C2 SUCH AS: NSN 2530 VEHICULAR BRAKE, STEERING, AXLE, WHEEL AND TRACK COMPONENTS (NSCM D1871) NSN 2815 DIESEL ENGINES AND COMPONENTS (NSCM C2311, D8266) NSN 2920 ENGINE ELECTRICAL SYSTEM COMPONENTS, NON-AIRCRAFT (NSCM D8266, D8015) NSN 2930 ENGINE COOLING SYSTEM COMPONENTS, NON-AIRCRAFT (NSCM D1871) NSN 3040 POWER TRANSMISSION EQUIPMENT, MISCELLANEOUS (NSCM C2311, D8124) NSN 3110 BEARINGS, ANTIFRICTION, UNMOUNTED (NSCM D2457, D8124, D2689, D8984, C7835, D3057, D2456) NSN 4730 HOSE, PIPE, TUBE, LUBRICATION, AND RAILING FITTINGS (NSCM C2311, D1028) NSN 5310 NUTS AND WASHERS (NSCM D1871, D9448) NSN 5330 PACKING AND GASKET MATERIAL (NSCM D8266, D2342, D0210, D8124, D8009) NSN 5365 BUSHINGS, RINGS, SHIMS AND SPACERS (NSCM D1149) NSN 5975 ELECTRICAL HARDWARE AND SUPPLIES (NSCM D8046, D0460, C6222) NUMBER OF ITEMS: 16 QUANTITY: VARIOUS Delivery is requested as soon as possible to CFSD Montreal, Quebec and to CFSD, Lancaster Park, Edmonton, Alberta. Drawings and specifications are not available Note : In the "Invitation to Tender" you will find a detailed description for these items. Delivery Date Required: The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Tender document is to be requested via fax or e-mail from PWGSC Koblenz. Fax: 011-49-261-98252-28 E-mail: EMAIL_TAG  
31666.txt	NAVY RAINSUIT BLACK Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: YES (PWGSC) Paper Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Requirement: The Department of National Defence (DND) has a requirement for a flame resistant, static dissipative hot/wet weather ensemble for the navy in black. The ensemble includes jacket with removable hood and trousers. They are to be manufactured in accordance with the Department of National Defence Manufacturing Data DSSPM 2-6-87-1917 dated 2011-08-07, DSSPM 2-6-87-2206 dated 2011-09-14, specifications DSSPM 2-6-80-243 dated 2011-09-22 and DSSPM 2-6-80-052 dated 2011-07-15. One pre-award sample of the jacket in size 7040, trousers in size 7034 and a sample of the user instruction hang tag along with test results must be included with the bid. Technical data should be automatically issued, under separate cover, upon request for the bid documents. Therefore, it is imperative that this request for the bid documentation be done as soon as possible to ensure timely receipt of the associated technical data. However, the Crown shall not be held responsible for untimely release of technical data, since the technical data package as well as the sealed samples shall be available for viewing at the following Public Works and Government Services Canada regional offices: Quebec, Quebec, Montréal, Quebec, Mississauga, Ontario, Edmonton, Alberta and Winnipeg, Manitoba. Firm quantity: This requirement is for a firm quantity of 32,300 jackets, 32,300 trousers and 495 extra hoods to be delivered to Montreal, QC and Edmonton, Alb. Delivery of the firm quantity is requested to start forty-five days after approval of the pre-production sample. "As and when requested" Specials: The total estimated quantity is 100 jackets, 100 trousers and 5 hoods to be ordered on an "as and when requested" basis during a period of 36 months from the contract award date. Option: This requirement also includes one option to purchase an estimated quantity of 32,300 jackets, 32,300 trousers and 495 extra hoods. This option may be exercised during a period of 36 months from the contract award date Canadian Content: This requirement is subject to the Canadian Content Policy and is solely limited to Canadian goods. Enquiries To ensure a response before bid closing date, all enquiries about this requirement must be submitted in writing and received by the Contracting Authority at least seven (7) calendar days prior to the bid closing date. E-mail:EMAIL_TAG Fax:819-956-5454 Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Elder, Sylvie 11 Laurier St./ 11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39276.txt	Double Bunking Installation Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Double Bunking Installation - Various Fraser Valley Institutions, BC EZ899-122408/A Ngan, Ken (PWY) Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG Work Description: Work under this contract covers removal of existing Living Unit Cell beds and installation of new double bunks which are supplied by the Departmental Representative. The work is located at five Fraser Valley BC Institutions including; Matsqui Institution, Pacific Institution Regional Treatment Centre, Fraser Valley Institution, Mission Institution and Mountain Institution. Work will be performed in accordance with the contract schedules within the scope of work. Site Visit: Contractors are recommended to visit the site prior to submitting a tender for this work and to make inquiries or investigations necessary to become thoroughly acquainted with the site as well as the nature and extent of the work. A site visit is scheduled on Tuesday, January 10th, 2012 from 10:00am to 12:00pm local time, at Matsqui Institution, 33344 King Road, Abbotsford, BC. A maximum of two (2) representatives per bidder will be permitted to examine the sites. Contractors attending the site visit are required to show one (1) piece of government issued ID, such as a Drivers License. Delivery Date: The work shall commence immediately upon official notification f acceptance of tender by the Contracting Authority and is to be completed within six (6) weeks from the date of such notification. Tender Enquiries: Ken Ngan, Supply Specialist PHONENUMBER_TAG Value of Project: This project is estimated to be valued at around $100,000. This procurement office provides procurement services to the public in English. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Ngan, Ken (PWY) 800 Burrard Street, 12th floor 800, rue Burrard, 12e êtage Vancouver British C POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35458.txt	VARIOUS FLEECE CLOTHING - NB Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Amendment #1 The following questions have been presented to PNB: Question 1 - Items 3-10 request a fabric content of 85% poly/15% cotton. Will any other content be acceptable? (eg. 50%/50%) Answer 1 - Must be as requested. Question 2 - You require that items quoted must match the style and colour of your pre- existing stock. Will you be able to supply samples to us, if we are accepted, in order to duplicate the items accordingly? Answer 2 - Samples may be viewed prior to tender close at Central Stores, please call 506-PHONENUMBER_TAG to be viewed. Question 3 - Do any of the items require any type of decoration (eg. Screen print/embroidery)? Answer 3 - No. Question 4 - Will the goods be ordered on an as need basis or will the entire quantity be order complete? Answer 4 - As stated - on an as and when required basis. All other information remains the same.   TO SUPPLY VARIOUS FLEECE CLOTHING ON AN AS AND WHEN REQUIRED BASIS FOR THE PERIOD JANUARY 1, 2012 TO DECEMBER 31, 2012. Only one unit price will be accepted for each item. Different prices per size will not be considered and may be grounds for disqualification. REQUESTED SAMPLES MUST BE EXACTLY AS PER THE PRODUCT THAT WAS TENDERED. ALL ITEMS MUST MATCH EXISTING STOCK IN COLOUR AND STYLE. ITEMS BEING QUOTED ON MUST BE CLEARLY IDENTIFIED - IF SUBSTITUTING ON REQUESTED PRODUCT THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION SHOULD BE INCLUDED ON THE TENDER: MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. RETURN TO: CENTRAL TENDERING BRANCH P.O. Box 8000 Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Marysville Place Room Number 205, 20 McGloin Street Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG Public opening of bids will take place on closing day at 14:00 Atlantic Time, in Marysville Place, Room 205, 20 McGloin Street, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG. All bids must be stated in Canadian Funds. All tenders must be F.O.B. destination, freight prepaid. Sales taxes should not be included in the unit, extended or total prices. This Invitation is being conducted under the provisions of the Public Purchasing Act and Regulation as of the date of the issuance of the Invitation. Bidders may obtain a copy of the Act and Regulation from The Queen's Printer, Province of N.B., P.O. Box 6000, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG The Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms & Conditions for Goods and Services apply to this procurement and are considered to be incorporated into this document. By submitting a bid, you agree and accept these terms and conditions. Current "Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions" are available on the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, the Council of Atlantic Premiers' Website or from an authorized service provider. A bidder must obtain official bid documents from a distribution service, authorized by the Minister of Supply and Services, in order to submit a bid. The current authorized distribution services are the New Brunswick Opportunities Network (NBON) (operated by the Department of Supply and Services, Province of NB), BIDS (operated by Tendering Publications Ltd.) and MERX (operated by Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Failure to submit the official bid documents or provide proof that the official bid documents were properly obtained will result in rejection of the bid. In order to facilitate the evaluation process, Bidders are requested to respond in the same format as the official bid documents. For procurements which are not subject to the provisions of one or more of the interprovincial procurement agreements, the Province of New Brunswick reserves the right to apply Provincial or regional Preferences, consider local content in the evaluation of bids and/or refuse to consider bids from vendors from other jurisdictions when it is considered to be in the best interests of the Province. When determining the use of these conditions, the Province will consider, among other factors, the extent to which New Brunswick vendors have access to equivalent procurement opportunities in those jurisdictions and the treatment accorded by those jurisdictions to bids from New Brunswick vendors. The Province will be the sole judge of whether these conditions will be used and the extent to which they will be applied. All discounts quoted will be considered to be without limitations. Payment of invoices is the responsibility of the department or organization to whom the goods are shipped or services are supplied. Award of contracts: no contract shall be awarded and no payment shall be made to a vendor unless authorized by the Minister or his delegates. The Minister may make an award to the preferred vendor conditional on the negotiation and acceptance of a detailed contract between the Province and the vendor. In such cases, should the detailed contract negotiations not be completed in a reasonable period of time, the Province reserves the right to discontinue negotiations with the vendor and subsequently enter into negotiations with the second preferred vendor. No right or duty, in whole or in part, of the vendor under a contract issued may be assigned or delegated without the prior consent of the Central Purchasing Branch. Unless the Central Purchasing Branch has determined otherwise prior to tender closing, all prices must be extended and totalled. Direct Deposit The province of New Brunswick is now using Direct Deposit as the standard method of government payments. Suppliers are required to provide bank account information (and email address if available) for remittance. Please send the completed Direct Deposit Form to the New Brunswick Internal Services Agency as indicated on the form. S&S, CENTRAL STORES 230 HILTON ROAD, INDUSTRIAL PARK Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG 1: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 100 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (72170) Gym Shorts, Lined, Navy, Elastic Waistband without drawstring, without pockets. 9.0 oz. poly/coton Cotton, Fleece lined - 420 (gsm) .85% Polyester 15% Cotton. Triple sewn inseam. Inseam 6-9" made to order. 1st Quality - Made in U.S. No seconds or sub-standards. Sizes range from Small to 5X-Large. SWS #98-55. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 2: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 200 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (72550) Sweatshirts, Black, 15.5 oz., 50% Cotton, 50% Polyester, double needle neck, shoulders, armholes, cuffs & waistband, No Print. Sizes range Small to 5X-Large. Gildan Style #12000 Ultra Blend. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 3: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 120 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (73230S) Sweatpants, Size Small, Athletic grey, elastic waistband without drawstring, No pockets or elastic cuffs, hemmed bottoms, 85% Polyester, 15% Cotton. Premium Quality (7.5 oz per square yard). SWS #98-20 Speedy. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 4: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 170 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (73230M) Sweatpants, Size Medium, Athletic grey, elastic waistband without drawstring, No pockets or elastic cuffs, hemmed bottoms, 85% Polyester, 15% Cotton. Premium Quality (7.5 oz per square yard). SWS #98-20 Speedy. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 5: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 750 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (73230L) Sweatpants, Size Large, Athletic grey, elastic waistband without drawstring, No pockets or elastic cuffs, hemmed bottoms, 85% Polyester, 15% Cotton. Premium Quality (7.5 oz per square yard). SWS #98-20 Speedy. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 6: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 675 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (73230XL) Sweatpants, Size X-Large, Athletic grey, elastic waistband without drawstring, No pockets or elastic cuffs, hemmed bottoms, 85% Polyester, 15% Cotton. Premium Quality (7.5 oz per square yard). SWS #98-20 Speedy. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 7: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 500 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (732302XL) Sweatpants, Size 2X-Large, Athletic grey, elastic waistband without drawstring, No pockets or elastic cuffs, hemmed bottoms, 85% Polyester, 15% Cotton. Premium Quality (7.5 oz per square yard). SWS #98-20 Speedy. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 8: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 140 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (732303XL) Sweatpants, Size 3X-Large, Athletic grey, elastic waistband without drawstring, No pockets or elastic cuffs, hemmed bottoms, 85% Polyester, 15% Cotton. Premium Quality (7.5 oz per square yard). SWS #98-20 Speedy. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 9: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 30 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (732304XL) Sweatpants, Size 4X-Large, Athletic grey, elastic waistband without drawstring, No pockets or elastic cuffs, hemmed bottoms, 85% Polyester, 15% Cotton. Premium Quality (7.5 oz per square yard). SWS #98-20 Speedy. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 10: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 10 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (732305XL) Sweatpants, Size 5X-Large, Athletic grey, elastic waistband without drawstring, No pockets or elastic cuffs, hemmed bottoms, 85% Polyester, 15% Cotton. Premium Quality (7.5 oz per square yard). SWS #98-20 Speedy. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 11: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 100 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (73285S) Sweatshirts, sport grey, 50% cotton, 50% polyester, 14.5oz weight, Marantz & Son #808, Size Small. Gildan brand. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 12: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 220 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (73285M) Sweatshirts, sport grey, 50% cotton, 50% polyester, 14.5oz weight, Marantz & Son #808, Size Medium. Gildan brand. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 13: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 470 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (73285L) Sweatshirts, sport grey, 50% cotton, 50% polyester, 14.5oz weight, Marantz & Son #808, Size Large. Gildan brand. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 14: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 480 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (73285XL) Sweatshirts, sport grey, 50% cotton, 50% polyester, 14.5oz weight, Marantz & Son #808, Size X-Large. Gildan brand. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 15: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 330 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (732852XL) Sweatshirts, sport grey, 50% cotton, 50% polyester, 14.5oz weight, Marantz & Son #808, Size 2X-Large. Gildan brand. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 16: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 70 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (732853XL) Sweatshirts, sport grey, 50% cotton, 50% polyester, 14.5oz weight, Marantz & Son #808, Size 3X-Large. Gildan brand. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 17: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 20 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (732854XL) Sweatshirts, sport grey, 50% cotton, 50% polyester, 14.5oz weight, Marantz & Son #808, Size 4X-Large. Gildan brand. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 18: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 10 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (732855XL) Sweatshirts, sport grey, 50% cotton, 50% polyester, 14.5oz weight, Marantz & Son #808, Size 5X-Large. Gildan brand. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING INVOICE PRICING MUST MATCH PRICES QUOTED ON TENDER SUBMISSIONS. DEVIATIONS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED AND INVOICES WILL BE RETURNED FOR CORRECTION. DELIVERY WILL BE REQUIRED NO LATER THAN 30 CALENDAR DAYS AFTER RECEIPT OF ORDER, OR AS GUARANTEED BY THE SUCCESSFUL VENDOR. LATE DELIVERIES WILL BE MONITORED AND IF DEEMED BY PNB STAFF TO BE EXCESSIVE, IT WILL BE CONSIDERED JUST GROUNDS FOR CONTRACT CANCELLATION AND ALL SUCH DECISIONS ARE FINAL. ESTIMATED QUANTITY CONTRACT  To be delivered as and when required for the period indicated at the request of the department. Quantities or dollar values stated are an estimate made in good faith and may vary considerably. The Province of N.B. reserves the right to purchase more or lesser amounts depending on requirements. This procurement is not subject to the provisions of interprovincial procurement agreements. Vendors are advised to read the Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions for Goods and Services Invitations carefully before submitting a bid. When stating "Unit Price" on bid submissions, vendors are required to quote pricings no more than four (4) digit positions after the decimal point. More than 4 digit positions after the decimal point will be rounded-off to the fourth position. *Shipping Charges MUST be included in the Unit Price.* Prices MUST be firm for Contract period. Awarded vendors must carry ALL costs incurred by Central Stores, Department of Supply & Services, for the return of any, and all products, that do not meet the requirements of the Estimated Quantity Contract, including the cost of having products returned by end-users to Central Stores. Failure to adhere to this condition may result in cancellation of contract. All containers must indicate brand name, item description and quantity. Packing slips showing quantity, item(s) and purchase order number must be included on the outside of carton(s) or shipment will be returned to the vendor, collect. Any products awarded for this Estimated Quantity Contract MUST remain the same Brand and must be from the same original Manufacturer for the duration of the Contract, unless prior written approval has been received from the Province of New Brunswick. A "brand" is defined as a class of goods identified by name as the product of a SINGLE firm or manufacturer. Vendors are to pay special attention to the "Unit" of Measure for each item and bid in the Province's "Unit" of Measure, which may be different from your selling unit. When Samples are requested by the Province, the Samples will remain the Property of the Province of N.B. for a one (1) year period. If vendors want the sample returned after the one (1) year period, this must be requested in writing on the packing slip, attached to each individual sample, when submitted. On this request the vendor must state the method of return that will be charged to their company. RIGHT TO CANCEL In the event the Province of New Brunswick changes the manner in which the goods specified on this tender are obtained, the Province reserves the right to cancel the contract at any time, with 30 days advance notice to the successful vendor(s). The Province of New Brunswick will not be subject to any penalties or costs associated with contract cancellation. Michèle Richardson Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
37674.txt	Accomodation services Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TITLE: Hotel services for the nato joint set-ist panel business meetings & symposium on persistent surveillance OBJECTIVE: Hotel services for the nato joint set-ist panel business meetings & symposium on persistent surveillance, to be held in Quebec City in spring 2012. This one-week event includes a two-day symposium and three days of meetings. BACKGROUD: The symposium is an international event entrusted to Canada-more specifically DRDC Valcartier, a laboratory of the Department of National Defence, which will be supported by NATO, the NATO SET Panel and IST Panel. The event will focus on the science and technology work being carried out by members of the panels to perfect the defence and security capabilities of Canadians and their allies. For planning purposes, around 150 participants are expected at the symposium (Monday and Tuesday), and some 100 participants per day are expected to attend the meetings held on the Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Participants will come from Canada, the U.S. and various European countries. The hotel selected for this contract shall be located at the heart of Quebec City within a 12-km radius by motor vehicle from the Quebec City city hall, 2 Rue des Jardins, Quebec City, POSTALCODE_TAG, on URL_TAG The Hotel proposed by the bidder must be classified 4 stars or higher by the Corporation de l'Industrie touristique du Québec r Tourisme Québec. In order to verify that the bid is compliant, bidders must provide a copy of the classification certificate issued by the Corporation de l'Industrie touristique du Québec or Tourisme Québec. The bidder certifies at least one (1) relevant experience hosting international events for 100 participants or more. PERIOD OF CONTRACT: The period of the Contract is from date of Contract to May 4th 2012, inclusive. PERIOD OF WORK: The Work is to be performed during the period of April 29th 2012 to May 4th 2012, inclusive. BASIS OF SELECTION: A bid must comply with all requirements of the bid solicitation to be declared responsive. The responsive bid with the lowest evaluated price will be recommended for award of a contract This Public Works and Government Services Canada office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Lessard, Mathieu 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Quebéc POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
34510.txt	Military Staging Area Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: MILITARY STAGING SUPPORT AREA For the purposes of this procurement, Canada is acting as AGENT for the British Army Training Unit Suffield in accordance with the "Agreement Between the Government of Canada and The Government of The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on British Armed Forces' Training in Canada" and the "Memorandum of Understanding Between The Department of National Defence of Canada and The Ministry of Defence of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland Concerning British Armed Forces Training at Canadian Forces Base Suffield (the "MOU")." The requirement is to provide a Military Staging Support Area to the British Army Training Unit Suffield (BATUS) personnel in rder to conduct year round Adventurous Training (AT) and Challenge Pursuit Activities (CPA) within Western Canada. This support is to include accommodation, janitorial, catering, bulk laundry services and is to comply with current policies of the Department of National Defence (DND) and BATUS. The Contractor must provide a facility which is for the sole use of the British Military. In addition, an approved AT activity can be offered as part of this contract. This Staging Support Area will be used by the British Military who are deployed on permanent or temporary duty in Canada. Training will be coordinated from a suitable location near the foothills of the Rockies, Alberta. Exclusive Military Usage: The Contractor must provide a staging area which is for the sole use of the British Military. There are two distinct training seasons: summer (1 May - 31 Oct) and winter (1 Nov - 30 Apr). Access to the ATSSA is required year round, 24 hours a day, 7 days per week. The Staging Area is required for a period of three (3) years with the option to extend for an additional two one-year periods. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Garbo, Cathy Room 1650, 635 8th Ave. S.W. Calgary Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
32997.txt	DND-11/03393 - Request for Proposal (RFP) – Veterinarian Services for Canines The Department of National Defence (DND) has a requirement for the provision of veterinarian services as and when requested, including but not limited to licensed mobile veterinarian services and the supply of dog food needed to support the conduct of specialized canine operations.  DND requires veterinarian services care for up to 14 canines that work in many environments and under varying conditions. It is essential that the canines receive routine, emergency, urgent and preventative veterinarian care in a timely manner as required. All veterinarian services provided by the Contractor are to be done in accordance with the Ontario Veterinarian College (OVC) standards.  The location of work for this requirement will occur in the Contractor's licensed mobile unit within the National Capital Region (NCR), Richmond, Ontario, as well as at Canadian Forces Base (CFB) Petawawa. The Contractor will be required to perform localized stand-by services approximately 8 times per year.  Deliverables: Provide veterinarian support/guidance for the dog handler(s) by phone or in-person, on a 24 hour/7 day a week basis; Provide a licensed all-inclusive mobile service within the National Capital Region (NCR) with 24- 48 hours notice. This will include but is not be limited to regular vaccinations, examinations, minor surgeries, re-examination and consults;  Provide access to and be employed and/or partnered with a 24-hour animal hospital offering urgent and emergency medical support within the NCR; Deliver prescription medication and veterinarian supplies and supplements; and Provide and deliver prescription and/or high quality dog food on a monthly basis or as needed. Canada intends to award a one-year contract to start immediately at Contract Award, with the option to extend for four 1-year option periods at the Crown's discretion.  Mandatory and Rated Criteria are detailed in the Request for Proposal (RFP).  Where this notice and the RFP differ, the RFP will prevail. The Department of National Defence reserves the right not to award a Contract, regardless of the responses it receives.  
35424.txt	Wave Height Gauges Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exclusive Rights Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: Akamina Technologies Inc 91 Norice St Ottawa Ontario Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Nature of Requirements: WAVE HEIGHT GAUGES 31184-118676/A Gosselin, Monique Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG National Research Council Canada's Canadian Hydraulics Centre has a requirement for the supply of sixty-four (64) wave height gauges for delivery to Ottawa, Ontario. Delivery is required by 31st March 2012.. The Canadian Hydraulics Centre requires all-digital wave height gauges with a CANBus interface for use in an active wave absorbing control system. The wave height gauges will be deployed in close proximity so there must be no electrical interference between adjacent gauges. The gauges must also not discharge electrical energy into the water during any part of their measurement cycle to ensure that there is no interference with other instrumentation used in the vicinity of the wave height gauges. The only known supplier of a wave height gauge meeting all NRC's required technical specifications and capabilities is Akamina Technologies. For this reason, it is proposed to negotiate this requirement with the manufacturer Akamina Technologies, Ottawa, Ontario. Delivery Date: 24/11/2011 You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Gosselin, Monique 11 Laurier St./ 11 rue, Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
37282.txt	RFSO - Two-way Radio Parts, Supplies and Accessories Addendum #2 has been issued. Closing date has been extended. Addendum #1 has been issued. Ref: RFSO 19211-72582-S01; Two-way Radio Parts, Supplies and Accessories. Description: The City of Ottawa is requesting Standing Offer submissions or bids from vendors qualified to supply and deliver two-way radio parts, supplies and accessories. The City's primary client user groups for these goods are Ottawa Fire Services and Ottawa Police Services; however additional users of the City's EDACS (M/A-COM) digital two-way radio communications system will require these goods from time to time.  The bid document MUST be received NO LATER than 3:00 p.m. local time, Thursday January 5th, 2012 at the following location: City of Ottawa, Finance Department, Supply Branch, 100 Constellation Crescent, 4th Floor, West Tower, Ottawa, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG For any additional information concerning this requirement, bidders should contact the City's Contracting Authority representative as noted hereunder: John Schrama, Buyer Supply Branch  Tel: PHONENUMBER_TAG Ext: 28671. Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG Email: EMAIL_TAG All information submitted in response to this RFSO is subject to the provisions of the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
28654.txt	CCD CAMERA SYSTEM MEMORIAL UNIVERSITY OF NEWFOUNDLAND FACULTY OF MEDICINE TENDER NUMBER TMD-066-11 CCD CAMERA SYSTEM Tenders are invited and will be received up to 3:00 p.m. Newfoundland Daylight Savings Time, Monday, October 31, 2011 for the above referenced tender, with a public tender opening to follow. Tender Documents Must Be Obtained From A Service Provider. Further information and details of the tender may be obtained from Dr. Qi Yuan at telephone # 709-777-2507 or e-mail: EMAIL_TAG. Bids must be submitted on our official "Invitation to Tender" form, placed in a sealed envelope, marked with the tender number and addressed to: Memorial University of Newfoundland Faculty of Medicine – Purchasing Level 2, Room 2803A, Health Sciences Centre 300 Prince Philip Drive St. John's, NL, POSTALCODE_TAG Those who wish to submit their bid(s) by fax may do so by dialing PHONENUMBER_TAG. Please note that all submissions must be accompanied by a signed "Invitation to Tender" form. Tenders will be opened publicly in the Faculty of Medicine, Room H2803A, Health Sciences Centre on the date specified above. In the event that the University is closed earlier than normally expected prior to a schedule tender closing that day, or for the full day, the closing date for those tenders will be extended to the next business day for the University at the same time as listed originally. The University does not bind itself to accept the lowest or any bid. 
37284.txt	Walter C. Mackenzie Health Sciences Centre, Endoscopy Suite Relocation, Edmonton, Alberta *See Above* URL_TAG 
39170.txt	Fitness Equipment Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Fitness Equipment W2037-120061/A The Department of National Defence at CFB Gagetown in Oromocto, NB has a requirement for the supply and delivery of Fitness Equipment conforming to the specifications in Annex "B". Deliverables include weight room fitness machines, weight room equipment, treadmills, and step mills. Delivery is required no later than March 30, 2012. Delivery Date: 30/03/2012 The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Reddin, Pat 1045 Main Street 1st Floor, Lobby C Unit 108 Moncton, NB POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28440.txt	Amendment #1: Addendum #1 is attached and forms part of the RFP. The purpose of this Request for Proposals (RFP) is to select qualified Prop nents to provide Legal Services on behalf of the Ministry of Attorney General to the Ministry of Children and Family Development. The Legal Services described in the RFP a re required for representation of Director(s) designated under the Child, Family and Commun ity Services Act in proceedings in the Provincial Court under that Act. The Legal Servi ces, as utlined in the RFP, are required in Prince Rupert and Terrace. See 'Supplier Attachments Exist' (top right) in order to download a copy of the Request for Proposals. Webster, Ruth-Ann Ministry of Attorney General c/o 2nd floor 563 Superior Street PO Box 9476 Stn Prov Govt Victoria British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Contact : Webster, Ruth-Ann Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : BC Adresse Web : URL_TAG
28292.txt	Construct Sheds for DND Housing Units DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – HALCX64 – Construct Sheds for DND Housing Units, 19 Wing CFB Comox, BC The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment necessary to construct sheds and install them within the residential housing area at 19 Wing CFB Comox, BC. For DCC Tender Board Projects, Plans and Specifications (P&S) are picked up at the local Construction Association located at the following address: Vancouver Island Construction Association #5 – 1850 Northfield Road Nanaimo, British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: 250-758-1841  The MERX order confirmation number authorizing the order of Project #HALCX64 must be presented to the local Construction Association when picking up P&S. A MERX order confirmation number can be obtained from MERX by logging on their website: URL_TAG THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $287,000.00 Bidders are advised that bid and contract security is required when the advertised project budget (estimated cost for this opportunity) is greater than $100,000.00. Refer to the Instructions to Tenderers (Form DCL193 (R-07-08)), paragraph 4. This procurement follows tendering procedures in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Agreement on Internal Trade.  The tender closing date is: November 2, 2011 The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time. Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: Vancouver Island Construction Association #5 – 1850 Northfield Road Nanaimo, British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association and the DCC Site Office in the project area. Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the Bid Opening Office and from the DCC Site at telephone: 250-339-8211 ext. 7108. Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact anyone other than the DCC Contracting Authority to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS -VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG 
32962.txt	Intake Refurbishment – Nepisiguit Falls Generating Station - NB NB Power 515 King St. P.O. Box 2000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Crown Construction NB POWER GENERATION CORPORATION 0690-11-C23-NMA Intake Refurbishment - Nepisiguit Falls Generating Station Bid Bond Only Required January 5, 2012 at 3:00 PM AST Construction de la Couronne PRODUCTION ÉNERGIE NB 0690-11-C23-NMA Remise à neuf de l'admission - Centrale de Nepisiguit Falls Cautionnement de soumission seulement Le 5 janvier 2012 à 15h00 HNA This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. Tenders available online at NB Power. 1: Unit of measure :  Quantity:  Organisation id :  Description :  OTHER CONSTRUCTION SERVICES Valerie Comeau NB Power 515 King St. P.O. Box 2000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
27707.txt	Opportunity Description: Invitation to Submit a Proposal for Grader - Equivalent to 220 engine horsepower or larger.
39167.txt	Lithogeochemical Analysis Services Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TITLE: LITHOGEOCHEMICAL ANALYSIS SERVICES In accordance with the Statement of Work in Appendix A, provide, as and when needed, lithogeochemical analysis services in accordance with the mandatory specifications listed in the Request for Standing Offer for the Geological Survey of Canada (GSC), Quebec City, QC. The GSC requires different whole-rock analyses for the characterization of hydrothermal alteration and geochemical fingerprinting of various gold, Cu-Zn-Pb, Ni-Cu-PGE and uranium deposits on volcanic, plutonic and sedimentary host rocks in relatively short time frames. PERIOD AND NUMBER OF STANDING OFFERS In order to meet the analysis requirements, Canada plans to issue 2 standing offers to provide the services from the date of the standing offer to March 31, 2015, inclusive. BUDGET ALLOCATED FOR THE PERIOD $1,370,000 (not including GST ) The requirement is subject to the provisions of the World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP), North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and the Agreement n Internal Trade (AIT). PWGSC provides services in both official languages. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Roy, Claire 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Quebéc POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29156.txt	Technical Study and Sampling Campaign for Hexanedioic acid Solicitation Number: K2AA1-11-0027 Technical Study and Sampling Campaign for Hexanedioic acid, bis (2-ethylhexyl) ester (DEHA - CAS RN: 103-23-1)  All enquiries concerning this solicitation must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Authority named below as early as possible within the bidding period. Enquiries should be received by the Contracting Authority no later than five (5) working days prior to the bid closing date specified herein to allow sufficient time to provide a response. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Environment Canada (EC) has determined that any intellectual property arising from the performance of the work under this Contract will be vested in Canada on the grounds that the main purpose of the Contract, or of the deliverables contracted for, is to generate knowledge and information for public dissemination (section 6.4.1 of the Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat Policy on Title to Intellectual Property Arising under Crown Procurement Contracts). MANDATORY REQUIREMENT: The Bidder must hold a security accreditation to the level of Enhanced Reliability at the time of response to this request for proposal. Only those members of the proposed team that hold security clearances to the level of Enhanced Reliability at the time of the contract award will be allowed to access "protected" material. All clearances must be maintained for the duration of the contract. In order to demonstrate this requirement, the key members must be listed, along with their clearance level and the security clearance number. CONFIDENTIALITY It is understood and agreed that the Contractor shall, during and after the effective period of the ensuing contract, treat as confidential and not divulge, unless authorized in writing by the Technical Authority or his/her delegate, any information obtained in the course of the performance of the ensuing contract.  Subject to the Access to Information Act, R.S. 1985, c.A-1, the parties agree that the terms of this Agreement are confidential and each party shall use the same degree of care to prevent disclosure of the terms of this Agreement to third parties as it uses to protect its own confidential information of similar nature. Any failure of the Contractor to respect the confidentiality obligations is a default of the Contractor for which the Minister may terminate the contract. REQUIREMENT EC has a requirement for consulting and professional services.  The purpose of the study is to:  Characterize the environmental release of DEHA from industrial facilities involved in the manufacture and processing of DEHA, and throughout the life cycle (use and disposal) of products containing it, to inform the development of the appropriate risk management measures. The purpose of this study is to gather information on DEHA use patterns and releases, including collection and analysis for DEHA at a maximum of 7 selected sites located in southern Ontario and southern Quebec, along with interpretation of the results. The locations selected for sampling will be provided to the successful bidder by EC. The objective of this work is to: Collect information on uses, industrial processes and environmental releases of DEHA associated with the manufacture of DEHA and the manufacture of plastic products containing it in Canada and quantify the life cycle.  Measure the concentration of DEHA in wastewater releases at selected industrial sites and in selected wastewater treatment systems. BACKGROUND On December 8, 2006 the Government of Canada announced the Chemicals Management Plan (CMP) , to take immediate action to regulate chemicals that are harmful to human health or the environment, and to carry out further work on the substances identified. A key element of the Chemicals Management Plan is the initiative known as the "Challenge" for approximately 195 high priority substances. These substances have been divided up into a number of 12 smaller groups named batches 1 to 12. The substance Hexanedioic acid, bis(2-ethylhexyl) ester, Chemical Abstracts Service Registry Number (CAS RN) 103-23-1, referred to throughout this document as "DEHA", is included in Batch 11 of the Challenge. DEHA is part of the chemical grouping discrete organics and the chemical sub grouping alkyl adipates. DEHA is an anthropogenic substance and does not naturally occur in the environment. It is produced by an esterification reaction of adipic acid and 2-ethylhexanol in the presence of a catalyst such as sulphuric acid or p-toluenesulfonic acid.  The final Screening Assessment Report published in September, 2011 concluded that DEHA have or may have harmful effect on the environment or its biological diversity and to human life or health. DEHA does not meet the criteria for persistence or bioaccumulation potential as set out in the Persistence and Bioaccumulation Regulations, but does meet the criteria for inherent toxicity to aquatic organisms.  It is therefore concluded that DEHA meets the criterion set out in paragraph 64(a) and 64(c) of the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999 (CEPA 1999). DEHA is not subject to the virtual elimination provisions under CEPA 1999 and will be managed using a lifecycle approach, i.e: prevent or minimize its release into the environment.  Current use and Industrial sectors According to information submitted under section 71 of CEPA 1999 , 1 – 10 million kg of DEHA were manufactured in Canada in 2006. The total quantity imported into Canada in the same reporting year (above the reporting threshold of 100 kg/year) was approximately 250,000 kg. Globally, DEHA is used primarily as a plasticizer in the flexible vinyl industry and widely used in flexible polyvinylchloride (PVC) food film and in other flexible plastic products. In addition to its use in plastic industry, DEHA is used as a plasticizer, emollient or solvent in cosmetic products. In Canada, approximately 300 products containing DEHA have been reported in a mandatory product formulations notification to Health Canada. The use of DEHA was reported in skin moisturizer and cleanser, facial makeup, and bath preparation products.  DEHA is a formulant (non-active ingredient) found in pesticides, which are regulated under the Pest Control Products Act in Canada. .  Other DEHA reported uses submitted under section 71 of CEPA 1999 include, but are not limited to, adhesives and sealants for automobile manufacturing. Other than its use as plasticizer, global uses of DEHA include as a solvent and as a component of functional (hydraulic) fluid and aircraft lubricants, in the processing of nitrocellulose and synthetic rubber, and in plasticizing polyvinyl butyral, cellulose acetate butyrate, polystyrene and dammar wax. Based on the available information, consumer products containing DEHA in Canada also include auto interior protectants, heavy-duty hand cleansers, and lubricants. DEHA may be found in heat-seal ink systems intended to be used on the exterior of laminated structures of food packaging materials. It is also found in one polystyrene product used in the middle of a laminate structure and in one lubrication product. No food contact is expected from these uses.  In the US, DEHA is approved as an indirect food additive as a component of adhesives, cellophane food wrap, closures with sealing gaskets for food containers, water-insoluble hydroxyethyl cellulose film and plasticizers in polymeric substances. Release to the Environment DEHA has been measured in many influents, effluents and sludge of municipal wastewater systems (including those with a secondary level of treatment), in grey wastewater and in landfill leachate. DEHA has also been measured in receiving water bodies, in melted snow, and in tap water. The source of DEHA presence in the environment is not clear at this time. Further information is needed to better identify and quantify DEHA release sources to the environment.  According to the information submitted under section 71 of CEPA 1999 and National Pollutant Release Inventory (NPRI), the majority of industrial releases of DEHA to the environment (from DEHA manufacturing and use of DEHA as plasticizer) was to air with small water releases from the manufacturing of DEHA. However, DEHA is not expected to be persistent in air, water, sediment and soil as defined in the Persistence and Bioaccumulation Regulations. STATEMENT OF WORK The Contractor will assemble the information and data requested below and submit a report to the Departmental Representative. The information on volume and quantities should be as recent as possible.  EC will provide to the Contractor, at the beginning of the contract, a copy of the Section 71 survey data and any other relevant data that EC may deem useful to the Contractor. Task 1: Substance overview  This task is to provide an overview of the supply chain of DEHA its uses and its environmental releases pattern Describe the supply chain of DEHA in the Canadian market. Describe the use of DEHA in Canada. Identify producers of products containing DEHA in Canada, indicating Canada's share of the North American and global consumption.  Identify volumes and/or quantities or distribution of DEHA and the products containing it manufactured, imported, exported and used in Canada in the most recent year.  Assemble information on releases of the substance to the environment from industrial activities and from use of products containing it. Identify and describe the role of the North American, Canadian, and International industry associations involved with DEHA including their respective addresses.  Task 2: Upstream profile  Sub-Task 2A: Manufacture of DEHA and manufacture of plastic product containing it in Canada This sub-task pertains to the manufacture of DEHA and manufacture of plastic product containing it in Canada:  Describe the DEHA manufacture process and the processing of plastic product containing it including but not limited to: Whether it is a dry or wet process  the hours of operation per year Batch or continuous process, specifying hr/d and kg/batch Cleaning period to wash equipment (specifying frequency and hour/d) Range of the wastewater flow rate for the manufacturing of plastic products and the DEHA manufacture If the process water comes in contact with the plastic product during production. If yes, indicate why the facilities use process water and the temperature of the plastic product that enters in contact with water. Indicate how the water is handled after it enters in contact with the plastic product. Describe storage requirements, typical container sizes for distribution and types and methods of distribution of the substance. Indicate if the facilities have secondary containment during the storage and use of the DEHA for the different container sizes to prevent spills or drips.  Indicate if dedicated containers are used for shipping or if returnable containers are used. Describe the potential sources of releases of DEHA to environmental media (air, water, soil, sewers and waste disposal) due to its manufacture, manufacture of plastic products, receiving, storage, handling, transportation, and disposal to landfill and industrial wastewater treatment and estimate the volume and/or quantity released. Describe how industrial wastewater is treated on-site and offsite (type of equipment, efficiency, and quantity releases) and identified the offsite installation.  Describe how air emissions are controlled (type of equipment, efficiency and quantity of releases). Identify the clients of manufacturers of DEHA and of the plastic product manufacturers and the associated quantities. Indicate if there are floor drains in DEHA manufacturing facilities and in facilities that manufacture plastic products. Indicate if the facilities using DEHA have a set of work instructions in place for managing and/or preventing releases to the environment, such as:  Receiving, storage and handling procedures for DEHA  Handling of empty packaging Waste material collection, storage and disposal procedures Spill containment and spill reporting procedures Describe what environmental controls/processes exist that can prevent industrial releases of DEHA to the environment. Sub-Task 2B: Chemical distributors of DEHA This sub-task is to collect information on chemical distribution companies that distribute DEHA in Canada:  Identify chemical distributors of DEHA in Canada. Identify the clients and quantity/volume of DEHA distributed by chemical distributors. Identify the companies that sell DEHA to these chemical distributors. Identify for which use the substance is distributed. Describe how DEHA or products containing it are transported. Identify the types of container used to transport DEHA or products containing it. Indicate points where environmental releases could potentially occur. Describe what environmental controls/processes exist that can/do prevent releases of DEHA to the environment during transportation/distribution. Sub-Task 2C: DEHA import in its pure form Provide a comprehensive description of the import of DEHA in its pure form: Identify companies that import DEHA and the industrial sub-sectors (using NAICS) to which each facility belongs. Indicate the function of the substance in products manufactured in Canada. Indicate the volumes/quantities imported on an annual basis. Describe how the imported DEHA is packaged and transported into Canada. Identify imported products which contain DEHA. Sub-Task 2D: Information on products containing DEHA Provide detailed information for plastic products containing DEHA and provide generic information on other products that contain DEHA. This sub-task would account for not more than 5% of the work effort: Identify the product types containing DEHA and their use in Canada.  Identify the function of DEHA in the products. Provide average concentrations of the substance in each type of product category. Estimate the order of magnitude of volumes/quantities for products containing the substance in commerce in Canada. Assemble studies or information on the potential for releases of DEHA during product use and at the end of life. Sub-Task 2E: Substance substitutes in plastic sector Identify any available substitutes for DEHA in the plastic sector. If none exist, identify any potentially available substitutes in this area. This sub-task would account for not more than 5% of the work effort: For each substitute: Identify whether the substitute is currently on the Domestic Substances List (DSL).  Provide the MSDS of potential substitute formulation. Prepare a table that rates each substitute for each major product type for:  practicality (technical viability and availability of the technology);  affordability (cost of using the substitute relative to the substance);  effectiveness;  level of toxicity and potential environmental or human health risks (based upon available studies and other information sources);  Indicate the stage of development and potential for use for the alternative.  Estimate the quantity of each substitute and products containing the substitute manufactured, imported and exported in Canada.  Identify product types that do not have suitable alternatives. Identify if there are any alternative processes in the plastic sector that could help to replace DEHA . Task 3: Downstream profile  Identify the degree and kind of activities practiced in Canada used to recover, reuse and recycle and disposed of products containing the substance such as:  Describe how the substance (pure or in products) and transport containers (drum, totes, IBC, tank truck) are handled once they have been used (i.e. disposed, recycled, returned to supplier).). Describe how products containing DEHA are disposed of at the end of their useful life (i.e. landfill, recycled, incinerate, and returned to supplier, etc.) and estimate the releases of DEHA to the various environmental media that may occur for these types of disposal or recycling methods. Describe how liquid residue containing the substance, including residue in the transport container (drum, IBC, tank truck) is disposed of. Estimate the volume/quantity of liquid and solid residue containing the substance that is disposed of in the industrial sector. Task 4: Sampling campaign  This task is to sample and analyze waste water from selected industrial facilities involved in the chemical manufacturing of DEHA and in the plastics sector. Maximum of (7) sampling sites located in southern Ontario and southern Quebec would be provided by EC. These includes, sampling to be conducted on industrial effluents with the possibility of sampling influents and effluents of two municipal waste water treatment systems that receive inputs from the selected industrial sites. The sampling could be grab or composite, depending on what will give a representative sample based on the process at sampling sites. Sampling and analysis should be made in triplicate. Within two weeks of signing the contract, the Contractor will provide the Departmental Representative in the methodology report, information outlining approaches for sample collection, transportation, storage, analysis, quality control and quality assurance requirements and a detailed work plan that identifies the sampling campaign.  The measurement of DEHA from the manufacturing facilities will be in the industrial waste water effluent at end of pipe. The Contractor will be responsible for developing procedures for the sample collection and analysis should be done by laboratory with a valid ISO 17025 certification whose scope of accreditation includes organic chemicals in water. The detection limit must be below 3.0 µg/L.  As different individuals may be collecting samples, the Contractor shall be responsible for ensuring that the sample collection and field testing procedures including planning the sampling events (logistics, communications, equipment, occupational health and safety planning) are done in accordance with the developed procedures.  The Contractor shall collect the samples and arrange their transport to the laboratory in accordance with the procedures developed. Sample collection may be carried out by the site representatives in accordance with the sample collection and field testing procedures and only with the written consent of the Departmental Representative.  The Contractor shall receive the raw data of laboratory results have them analyzed and present them in the final report. Analytical reports should be included to the final report as an annex including a spreadsheet with all the results.  Conduct a presentation to EC summarizing the information contained in the final report. The presentation must be given in Microsoft PowerPoint (Microsoft Office Suite 97-2003) The electronic copy of the report must be in Microsoft Word (Microsoft Office Suite 97-2003).  The hard copies of the report should have an easily removable binding (to photocopy it), be double sided and on recycled paper. Hard copy and electronic copies of the worksheets with the data used and generated for the tasks identified above in Microsoft Excel (Microsoft Office Suite 97-2003) All background material/information/articles or other materials used to develop the Final Report, preferably compiled on a CD or DVD. The sources and contact information for various people/organizations that were contacted during the project. All references should be clearly documented with footnotes and a reference section in the final report. The report should identify confidential business information. In addition to the final report, the Contractor will provide the Departmental Representative with:  Hard and electronic (Microsoft Office Suite 97-2003) copies of all notes, text, graphics, surveys, raw data, and spreadsheets used for the delivery of this Contract.  All deliverables shall be provided no later than eighteen (18) weeks after the first day of Contract. All deliverables shall be written entirely in English or in French.  All information and documentation provided to the Contractor by EC are to be used for the purpose of this Contract only and shall not be used for other purposes unless duly authorized by the Departmental Representative. The information should be destroyed in a manner deemed appropriate by the Departmental Representative upon request. TRAVEL This project is expected to require travel to sampling locations and to a meeting in Ottawa/Gatineau to present the PowerPoint presentation of the final report. Travel will be at the request of the Departmental Representative and reimbursements will be consistent with Treasury Board Secretariat and Federal Government Travel Guidelines. The Contractor shall support expenses by appropriate receipts, incurred by personnel directly engaged in performance of the work, calculated in accordance with the Treasury Board Travel Directive in effect at time of travel, without any allowance thereon for overhead or profit. Charges for air travel shall not exceed that for the best price available at the time of booking; EC will not authorize or pay for air travel in premium or business class. All payments are subject to government audit. (GST/HST, as applicable, is deemed to be included in any estimate/charge for Travel and Living Expenses.) The TB Travel Directive site is: URL_TAG Travel expenses: Up to a maximum cost of $5,000.00 excluding applicable tax. SELECTION CRITERIA Proposals will be evaluated in accordance with the requirements listed in the terms of reference. The proposals that do not obtain a minimum of 75 cumulative points AND a score of at least 43/58 on the Technical Factors section will be rejected and considered non-compliant with requirements. The contract will be awarded to the firm obtaining the lowest compliant cost per point proposal (determined by dividing the bid price by the total points achieved in the evaluation of the bidder's proposal). PROJECT COST The duration of the contract will be 18 weeks maximum from contract award. The total value of contract including the travel expenses does not exceed $60,000.00 (excluding applicable tax): A maximum of $55,000.00 excluding applicable tax for professional fees. A maximum of $5,000.00 excluding applicable tax for travel costs. 
39180.txt	CWS500N3 INCL. 100W AMPLIFIER Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exclusive Rights Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: Gap Wireless Inc. 14-2900 Argentia Rd Mississauga Ontario Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Nature of Requirements: CWS500N3 INCL. 100W AMPLIFIER 1) CWS500N3 INCL. 100W AMPLIFIER Quantity: 1 2) ICD CONTROL WINDOWS OPERATING SOFTWARE Quantity: 1 SPECIFICATION REQUIREMENTS: Specifications are provided in the associated Statement of Requirement. This document is not a Request for Proposal and Public Works and Government Services Canada will not be accepting bid packages associated to this document. APPLICABLE TRADE AGREEMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS This requirement is subject to the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) and the Bilateral Trade Agreements. GOVERNMENT CONTRACT REGULATIONS (GCR) EXCEPTION AND LIMITED TENDERING REASON In accordance with the GCR exception, only one company is capable of performing the contract. Limited tendering procedures are being invoked for technical reasons where the goods can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no reasonable alternative or substitute exists. REQUIRED DELIVERY March 30, 2012 PROPOSED CONTRACTOR Gap Wireless Inc. 14-2900 Argentina Rd Mississauga, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG Canada ESTIMATED EXPENDITURE The estimated expenditure for this requirement is $30,940.00 CLOSING DATE FOR ACCEPTING STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITIES Janvuary 13, 2012, 2:00 pm. EST. INQUIRIES AND SUBMISSION OF STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITIES Lyne Godbout Supply Officer Public Works and Government Services Canada "HN" Division Floor 7B3, Place du Portage, Phase III 11 Laurier Street Gatineau, Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Facsimile: PHONENUMBER_TAG The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. =================================== STATEMENT OF REQUIREMENT FOR PROCUREMENT OF CS101 TEST EQUIPMENT FOR QUALITY ENGINEERING TEST ESTABLISHMENT (QETE) QETE requires a software controlled signal generator and amplifier simulator for low frequencies 10 Hz to 250 kHz test system. ITEM 1: CWS500N3 INCL. 100W AMPLIFIER 10HZ-250KHZ The test equipment shall: Perform MIL-STD-461F CS101c testing Perform MIL-STD-461F CS101c testing and Perform DO 160 Section 18 testing Contain an IEEE/GPIB interface QUANTITY: 1 each ITEM 2: ICD.CONTORL WINDOWS OPERATING SYSTEM The sofware shall Control the test equipment Support the test routine Generate test report with test data Contain a standard library of test ste-ups Utilize an IEEE/GPIB or USB interface QUANTITY: 1 each Items are to be delivery to Gatineau, Quebec. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Godbout, Lyne 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: ( -) - 
29146.txt	Property lines and structural reinforcement, CCC Sherbrooke 21301-12-1721839  Property lines and structural reinforcement, CCC Sherbrooke 21301-12-1721839  The agreement includes the following work. The following list is not necessarily exhaustive and does not diminish the Contractor's obligation to provide services in keeping with industry standards or the intentions and general principles specified later in the request for proposals. The installation of piles underneath the existing walls and underneath five (5) interior columns. It also includes the required demolition for the installation of the piles and the subsequent refection work. A few minor repairs should be considered: demolition of gypsum walls and wall and floor patching work. The duration of the work is quatre (4) weeks from the date that the contract is awarded.  A site visit by proponents is mandatory. The visit will take place on 21 october, 2011, at 10:00a.m. It is important to complete the form "Access to an establishment " and to send him(it) to us by e-mail or by fax. You have to send him (it) to us at least 2 working days before the date of visit. For lack of, your access in establishment could be refused. The Correctional Service of Canada will take receipt of sealed, duly signed proposals until 01 november, 2011 (before 14:00) at the following address: Léna Desrosiers, Regional Supply and Contracting Officer, 250 Montée St-François, Laval, Québec, POSTALCODE_TAG. Requests for information: Submit requests for information on technical or other aspects in writing to the Contracting Authority, Léna Desrosiers by email at EMAIL_TAG. 
36945.txt	The OHA's Capital Procurement Cooperative (CPC) DI Vendor Informant Session  The Ontario Hospital Association (OHA) Capital Procurement Cooperative (CPC) aims to leverage the power of collaboration to simplify complex procurements while striving for the best possible price for capital equipment.  This is achieved by coordinating the efforts of participating hospitals, resulting in an aggregation of knowledge, reduction in duplication, and large volume RFPs. The OHA CPC is moving forward with the first group procurement for Diagnostic Imaging (DI) equipment in the first half of 2012.  In preparation, we would like to invite you to participate in our upcoming vendor information and feedback session on Wednesday, December 21st from 10:00am to 12:00pm at the OHA Office on 200 Front Street West, Suite 2800, Toronto. We will be conducting a group session providing the following information: Overview of the CPC program Strategies for achieving more efficient procurements, including standardizing templates, terms and conditions  Introductory information on the upcoming DI procurement General Questions and Answers If you would like to attend, please RSVP with a list of attendees to Monika Weir at EMAIL_TAG by Friday, December 16th, 2011. 
39132.txt	RFP 11-12-07 Professional and Leadership Development Speakers, Seminars, and Workshops This Request for Proposal is issued by Cambrian College (the "Purchaser" or "College"). Cambrian College in Sudbury, Ontario, has been a leading postsecondary institution in Northern Ontario since its first classes were held in 1967. The College has a vibrant community of more than 14,000 learners – over 4,500 students in 80 full-time programs, plus over 9,500 students in almost 900 part-time courses/programs. It offers programming at three campuses and serves a student population that is reflective of the rich diversity of today's global workplaces. Cambrian College also has specialized programming for those who are interested in corporate training, co-operative education, or dual credits that can provide secondary students with both high school and college credits.  For more information, visit URL_TAG  Cambrian College is seeking Proposals for professional and leadership development speakers, seminars and workshops that offer interactive and creative workshops that foster a collaborative environment of learning. Closing Date and Time: January 24, 2012 - 3:00:00 p.m. (EST) The solicitation document is available at: URL_TAG 
39158.txt	Versatile Liquid Chromatography System  To Supply and Install a Versatile Liquid Chromatography System  for Purification of Proteins and Peptides A versatile LC system is requested to purify recombinant proteins at preparatory scale.  The primary use of the system will be the purification of proteins up to the gram scale. The ability of the system to handle and concentrate large and diluted samples is crucial. A secondary use will be method development and protein purification at the mg scale, requiring automatic screening of chromatography conditions to optimize the overall purification protocol. A tertiary use will be the purification of peptide and small drug molecules at mg scale. The ability to collect the target molecules in various chromatography scales (microtiter plates to 30mm tubes or larger) is required for all applications. Please download the complete 15 page document. The document will also be available for viewing in pdf format at this location: URL_TAG 
39108.txt	Purchase of a Fleet Vehicle for the Canadian Embassy in Kyiv, Ukraine This bid solicitation is being issued to satisfy the requirement of Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade (DFAIT) Canada for one (1) sports utility vehicle. Canadian Embassies must at all times have at their disposal the use of vehicles meeting specific criteria to support operational requirements. The vehicles must periodically be replaced with suitable substitutes. This solicitation package includes the RFP and draft Contract for one (1) sports utility vehicle for Kyiv, Ukraine.  Bidders must indicate their compliance with the list of technical specifications and provide their price proposal in a separate e-mail. Technical requirements include, but are not limited to: Fuel Efficiency: 16 L / 100 km or less in the city; 16 L / 100 km or less on the motorway ; Electronic high idle control; Automatic transmission; Immobilizer theft deterrent system; A designated servicing dealer* located within 15 kilometres of the Canadian Embassy in Kyiv, Ukraine; and Warranty – Complete Vehicle for 3 years or 60,000 miles, whichever comes first, including body paint (required replacement of parts due to wear and tear does not have to be included). Bidders are required to submit their proposals by e-mail to the address indicated on the cover page. From the responsive bids, the lowest priced proposal will be recommended for Contract award. All information required to submit a proposal to this requirement is contained in the solicitation package, comprised of the Request for Proposals (RFP) and Draft Contract. The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) applies to this requirement. 
39272.txt	Janitorial Services - Saskatoon, SK Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Janitorial Services - Saskatoon, SK 01580-120187/A Patton, Judy Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, Saskatoon, SK requires the provision of all materials/supplies, equipment, labour and supervision necessary to perform janitorial duties as detailed herein during the period of the contract from 01 April 2012 to 31 March 2013. The Contractor grants to Canada the irrevocable option to extend the term of the Contract by two (2) periods of one (1) year each, from from 01 April 2013 to 31 March 2014 and from 01 April 2014 to 31 March 2015 under the same terms and conditions. This document contains a security requirement. There will be a optional site visit for this requirement on 18 January 2012 at 10:00 am. Complete requirement is detailed in the Request for Proposal document. Delivery Date: 01/04/2012 The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Patton, Judy #910, 410 - 22nd Street East Saskatoon Sask. POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35483.txt	PROVIDE VARIOUS PLUMBING WORK SERVICES at the Canadian Space Agency (CSA) The purpose of this Request for Proposal (RFP) is to solicit bids from interested Canadian organizations specializing in various types of plumbing work (including parts and labour) to be carried out at the Canadian Space Agency (CSA). 
27695.txt	Opportunity Description: Invitation to Submit a Proposal for 966H or equivalent wheel loader.
31167.txt	This RFP is to solicit Proposals from qualified Vendors to provide process improvement consultant services to the College. In addition, the vendor will be expected to provide additional specialized expertise to expedite the improvement efforts within the College by providing change management assistance, develop customized training programs to accommodate all levels of the organization from executive to front-line staff and increase the capacity of the internal process improvement team. Contact : Marion Donaghey Téléphone : 780-644-6211 Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
28631.txt	Bran- Nutri-2011- High Temperature Dish Machine, Soiled Tray Handling System with a Waste Pulping Sy Brandon RHA/ SITUATION OVERVIEW 8.1 Introduction and Overview The Brandon Regional Health Authority is fully accredited and offers a wide range of health services and programs to the citizens of Brandon, to the rural municipalities of Cornwallis, Elton and Whitehead and to neighboring regions. The Brandon RHA serves as a regional referral center for Western Manitoba with a total population of approximately 180,000 people.  More than 2400 staff members and over 100 physicians and specialists provide services and programs that include Acute Care and Ambulatory Care Services, Long Term Care, Rehabilitation, Mental Health Services, Public Health, Home Care, Audiology, a Primary Health Care Access Centre, a Medical Officer of Health and a full range of Diagnostic Services including CT scanning and MRI and Regional Lab Services. The Brandon Regional Health Centre is 350 beds Regional Health Centre. The high temperature dish machine will be in the Nutrition Services area. Food Services a traditional cook/serve production method and the tray delivery system is Aladidin Insulated tray system. The dish room is in operation from 6:00 am to 7:30 Pm daily. Peak times are 9:00am. -10:45 am and 12:45 pm to 14:45 pm and 6:00 pm to 7:30 pm. The goal is the replacement of the; High Temperature dishwasher  soiled tray handling System  Self –contained waste pulping system.  - to significantly reduce repair costs and improve energy efficiency  - thereby maximizing savings potential; improve production process  - thereby maximizing labour efficiency.  - to meet commercial dishwashers that earn the ENERGY STAR qualification and  - meet the ENERGY STAR specifications for energy efficiency A study of the Brandon Regional Health Center dish room was completed by Metal –Tech Industries (1989) Inc for which the specifications and design of lay-out were determined. 8.2 Tentative Timeline (May be accelerated)  Activity Start Date End Date RFP release Oct 17,2011  Mandatory Site Visit Oct 24,2011 @ 3:00 p.m. in Brandon,MB  Last day for Vendor questions Oct 31,2011  RFP response close Nov 16,2011 Nov 16,2011 Review, spreadsheet and shortlist  Vendor Presentations or Trial of equipment TBA- If required  Site Visits If required  Vendor Selection January 31,2012 The quoted system is to be state-of-the-art. The system will include the following components, integrally functioning as a complete High Temperature Dish machine: 
35435.txt	PURCHASE OF TWO PHOTOCOPIERS PURCHASE OF TWO PHOTOCOPIERS PURCHASE OF TWO (2) NEW DIGITAL PHOTOCOPIER AS PER APPENDIX A ( 2 PAGES) AND APPENDIX B (1 PAGE) MINIMUM SPECIFICATION SUPPLEMENTS. FAILURE TO FULLY COMPLETE APPENDIX A AND APPENDIX B MAY RESULT IN BID BEING DISQUALIFIED. APPENDIX B REFERS TO MULTI-FUNCTIONAL DEVICES (MFD). APPENDIX B SHALL BE INCLUDED ON EVERY TENDER FOR MFDs. DELIVERY REQUIRED 3 WEEKS ARO Dept of Finance Economics & Statistics Div Ground Flr., Conf. Bldg., East Block - Location 2 P. O. Box 8700, St. John's, NL., POSTALCODE_TAG ALL QUESTIONS, QUERIES, OR REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION SHALL BE FORWARDED "IN WRITING", NO LATER THAN 72 HOURS (WORKING DAYS) PRIOR TO THE CLOSING TIME INDICATED ON THIS TENDER DOCUMENT, TO DAN MURPHY VIA FAX 709-729-5817 AND SHALL BE ANSWERED IN WRITING IN THE FORM OF AN ADDENDA WHICH SHALL BE MADE AVAILABLE TO ALL PROPONENTS. QUESTIONS, QUERIES OR REQUESTS RECEIVED WITHIN 72 HOURS (WORKING DAYS) OF THE CLOSING TIME SHALL NOT BE ENTERTAINED. IN ORDER TO FACILITATE AWARDING, VENDORS ARE STRONGLY ADVISED TO PROVIDE MANUFACTURERS LITERATURE AND ARE ENCOURAGED TO LABEL SUCH LITERATURE WITH THE CORRESPONDING SPECIFICATION NUMBERS OUTLINED ON ALL APPENDICES, MINIMUM SPECIFICATIONS, INCLUDED WITH THE TENDER. TO ENSURE CONSISTENCY AND QUALITY IN THE INFORMATION PROVIDED TO BIDDERS, THE GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY SHALL PROVIDE, BY WAY OF AMENDMENT TO THIS TENDER IN THE FORM OF AN ADDENDUM TO ALL BIDDERS WHO HAVE REGISTERED TO RECEIVE AMENDMENTS, ANY RELEVANT INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO THE TENDER INQUIRIES RECEIVED IN WRITING WITHOUT REVEALING THE SOURCE OF THOSE INQUIRIES. BIDDERS ARE CAUTIONED THAT IT IS THEIR RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE THAT THEY RECEIVE ALL INFORMATION RELEVANT TO THIS TENDER. THE OWNER SHALL NOT BE RESPONSBLE FOR BIDDERS WHO FAIL TO INFORM THEMSELVES REGARDING THE SCOPE AND NATURE OF THE WORK. GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY SHALL PUBLISH ALL AMENDMENTS TO THE TENDERING WEBSITE AT URL_TAG THIS TENDER WILL BE PUBLICLY OPENED AT GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY 30 STRAWBERRY MARSH ROAD ST. JOHN'S, NEWFOUNDLAND CANADA POSTALCODE_TAG AT THE TIME AND DATE INDICATED ON THIS DOCUMENT THIS TENDER WILL BE PUBLICLY OPENED AT 9:45 AM, DECEMBER 6, 2011. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT DAN MURPHY, PHONENUMBER_TAG. RESPONSES MAY BE RETURNED BY FAX AT PHONENUMBER_TAG UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED HEREIN. PRICES ARE EXCLUSIVE OF HST & GST. APPLICABLE TAXES SHALL BE APPLIED AT THE INVOICING STAGE AND ARE TO BE LISTED SEPARATELY ON EACH PURCHASE INVOICE. OUR HST NUMBER IS 107442683. DISREGARD TAX COLUMN ON THIS FORM. UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED IN THIS DOCUMENT, PRICES QUOTED MUST BE FOB DESTINATION. THIS PROCUREMENT OPPORTUNITY IS NOT SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT ON INTERNAL TRADE AND THE ATLANTIC PROCUREMENT AGREEMENT. UNSIGNED TENDERS/RFQ's SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED. WHERE APPLICABLE UPON DELIVERY OF GOODS, YOU ARE REQUIRED TO SUPPLY UP TO DATE MATERIAL SAFETY DATA SHEETS - APPLICABLE TO ANYTHING REGULATED UNDER TRANSPORTATION OF DANGEROUS GOODS, OR THE SHIPMENT CANNOT BE ACCEPTED. 336 - PRICES QUOTED SHALL BE IN CANADIAN FUNDS. SHALL BE CURRENT PRODUCTION MODEL WITH MANUFACTURING STATUS AS NEW, FACTORY PRODUCED NEW OR NEWLY MANUFACTURED AS IDENTIFIED IN THE LATEST EDITION OF THE BUYER'S LABORATORY GUIDE. EXCEPTIONS TO MANUFACTURING STATUS REQUIREMENT - WHERE A COPIER IS NOTED IN BUYERS LAB GUIDE AS BEING DISCONTINUED BUT IS STILL BEING MARKETED IN CANADA, THE BIDDER SHALL SUBMIT WITHIN TWO (2) BUSINESS DAYS OF REQUEST BY GPA, CERTIFICATION FROM THE MANUFACTURER THAT THE PRODUCT QUOTED IS CURRENTLY BEING MANUFACTURED AND IS BEING ACTIVELY MARKETED IN CANADA. - PHOTOCOPIERS THAT MAY NOT APPEAR IN BUYERS LAB GUIDE, BUT ARE CONSIDERED NEW INTRODUCTIONS, MUST BE CERTIFIED BY MANUFACTURER AS NEW INTRODUCTIONS AND SPECIFY THE EARLIEST DATE ON WHICH THE COPIER WILL BECOME AVAILABLE. THE BIDDER SHALL SUBMIT SUCH DOCUMENTATION WITHIN TWO (2) BUSINESS DAYS OF REQUEST BY THE GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY. NOTE: FAILURE TO PROVIDE REQUIRED CERTIFICATION WITHIN TWO (2) BUSINESS DAYS AS NOTED, SHALL RESULT IN DISQUALIFICATION OF YOUR TENDER. RESPONSE TIME MEASURED FROM THE TIME OF REQUEST OF SERVICE TO THE ARRIVAL OF A TECHNICIAN ON SITE, SHALL NOT EXCEED FOUR (4) WORKING HOURS, COPYING SERVICE SHALL BE RESTORED WITHIN EIGHT (8) WORKING HOURS OF THE ARRIVAL OF TECHNICIAN AT THE ADDRESS. FAILURE TO DO SO SHALL OBLIGATE THE VENDOR TO PROVIDE A REPLACEMENT COPIER, WHICH SHALL BE ON SITE AND OPERATIONAL WITHIN SIXTEEN WORKING HOURS OF THE EXPIRY OF SERVICE DURATION. COPIERS SHALL PERFORM AT THE SPECIFIED MONTHLY AVERAGE VOLUME WITH NO MORE THAN THREE (3) BREAKDOWNS REQUIRING THE ATTENTION OF A SERVICE TECHNICIAN IN THE FIRST MONTH OF INSTALLATION AND NO MORE THAN TWO (2) BREAKDOWNS IN SUBSEQUENT MONTHS SUBJECT TO IMMEDIATE REPLACEMENT WITH AN EQUIVALENT COPIER. BIDDERS SHALL PROVIDE A PURCHASE PRICE AND A COST PER COPY CHARGE, BASED ON ESTIMATED VOLUMES OF 4,250 PER MONTH. VOLUMES ARE ESTIMATES ONLY AND SHALL NOT BE GUARANTEED BY THE GOVERNMENT OF NEWFOUNDLAND AND LABRADOR. THE COST PER COPY CHARGE SHALL BE ALL INCLUSIVE OF TONER, DEVELOPER, PARTS AND LABOUR AND ALL OTHER SERVICE CHARGES. THE CHARGES SHALL BE FIRM FOR A PERIOD OF THREE YEARS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE. DEFECTIVE COPIES PRODUCED BECAUSE OF MALFUNCTIONS OR TECHNICIANS DURING SERVICE SHALL BE CREDITED. SUCCESSFUL VENDOR SHALL ALSO SUPPLY ALL LITERATURE, OWNERS GUIDES AND OR MANUALS, TRAINING LITERATURE, ETC. AT TIME OF DELIVERY Pricing to be supplied as follows: a) Purchase Cost of Copier b) Copy charge which includes toner, developer and service (including parts and labour) - THE TENDER SHALL BE AWARDED BASED ON THE FOLLOWING FORMULA (PURCHASE PRICE) + ((COPY CHARGE B&W X 2,000) ( COPY CHARGE COLOR X 2,250 COLOR)) X 36 MONTHS) PURCHASE PRICE   EACH COPY CHARGE COLOR   EACH COPY CHARGE B&W   EACH NOTE: FAILURE TO COMPLETE THIS PRICING SCHEDULE SHALL RESULT IN DISQUALIFICATION OF THE TENDER. THE PHOTOCOPIER PROVIDED BY THE SUPPLIER SHALL BE THE MAKE/MODEL AS SPECIFIED IN THEIR BID SUBMISSION AND SHALL CONFORM WITH THE MANUFACTURING STATUS AS REQUIRED HEREIN, OTHERWISE THE NON-COMPLIANT COPIER SHALL NOT BE ACCEPTED AND/OR IF DELIVERED WILL BE RETURNED AT THE SUPPLIERS EXPENSE WITHOUT FURTHER OBLIGATION BY THE DEPARTMENT AND WILL BE IN ADDITION TO ANY OTHER RIGHT OR REMEDY THE DEPARTMENT MAY HAVE, INCLUDING REPLACEMENT. THE DEPARTMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT, SUBSEQUENT TO ANY DELIVERY, TO REJECT A COPIER AS NON-COMPLIANT WITH THE REQUIREMENTS AFTER REASONABLE INSPECTION. Vendor SHALL supply clearly written manufacturers documentation, such as manufacture brochure, user manual or service manual to support the specifications requested in this tender. Failure to supply supporting documentation with your tender shall disqualify your tender from further evaluation. Tenders containing qualifications or conditions that conflict with those outlined in this tender document shall be rejected. If industry standard specifications are not referenced in manufacturers literature, the bidder shall satisfy the Department of FINANCE and the Government Purchasing Agency to the full capabilities of the equipment offered, as required in the tender, by providing written documentation supporting the Department's requirements and by demonstrating in person at a location determined by the bidder or at the customer site before a purchase order is issued. All expenses relative to this demonstration shall be the bidder's responsibility. External attachments exist for this tender. If you HAVE NOT received the attachments described in this document, you may log on to URL_TAGent Purchasing Agency at PHONENUMBER_TAG. UNLESS STATED OTHERWISE IN THE INVITATION, BIDS MUST REMAIN OPEN AND ARE IRREVOCABLE FOR A PERIOD OF 90 DAYS AFTER THE INVITATION CLOSING DATE Line NO: Item NO./Description Quantity / UOM Unit Price Extended Tax 1 Photocopier/Printer/Scanner as per attached specifications 2 EACH Note: In order to be notified of amendments  to this tender, suppliers must go directly  to the Newfoundland government tendering web site at URL_TAG and register to receive amendments for this tender  document. 
33105.txt	Repair service-radiator, fuel tank, A/C Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Description This Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) request for DND Valcartier garrison, involves to provide on an as-and-when rdered basis: verification and repair service for various types of radiators, gas tanks in cars and trucks of all types; repair service for air conditioning systems in cars and trucks f all types; required parts, to be supplied upon any request pertaining to any of the above services (i.e. Items 1 and 2). Period of Standing Offer From Standing Offer issuance date to November 30, 2013, with two (2) one- (1-) year period option to extend. Delivery and Pickup When required, the offeror must be able to pick up and deliver radiators and fuel tanks between 8 AM and 12 PM and 1 PM and 4 PM on business days, to the following adresses; 5 Canadian Service Battalion (5CSB : Transport Coy) : Transport Cie, Building 110, Valcartier Garrison, Courcelette, Québec, POSTALCODE_TAG 5 Canadian Service Battalion (5CSB : Maintenance Coy) : Maintenance Cie, Building 324 Valcartier Garrison, Courcelette, Québec, POSTALCODE_TAG Delay The work must be carried out within 48 hours of the request, on business days. Welding If radiator cores must be replaced, the tubes must be jointless and the welding compound must be 70% lead and 30% tin, or higher quality. Necessary facilities and equipment Throughout the Standing Offer, the Offeror should be prepared to be visited by a designated user, on request, and this, to ascertain that the Offeror meets the following criteria. The Offeror must possess the necessary facilities and equipment to provide the required services: an acid bath for cleaning parts, a bath for detecting leaks, sandblasting equipment, a painting workshop, and a storage space suitable for receiving and keeping equipment. Federal Regulations on Halocarbons - Certification The Offeror must ensure that all employees assigned to repairs holds the certificate corresponding to the "Federal Regulations n Halocarbons". During call-ups, any Offeror representative must, at the request f the Identified User, present their certificate indicating that the holder has successfully completed formal training with respect to "environmental awareness on recycling, recovery and refrigeration". Proper certification must be supported by an accreditation number. Further information is available on the Environment Canada Web site URL_TAG Trade agreements The requirement is subject to the provisions of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA),the Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA), the Canada-Colombia Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA) and the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT)." Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Champoux, Nicolas 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28951.txt	Truck, Cab & Chassis, 19500 LB GVW ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Procurement Services Branch DATE ISSUED: 13/10/2011 ISSUED BY: Shaun Ritchie TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG NOTE: Purchasing Agent: Shaun Ritchie - phone PHONENUMBER_TAG (or) email: EMAIL_TAG Please contact the individual noted above if additional information r clarification is required on the following items. Bidder must indicate if you are able to meet the requested delivery date of January 14, 2012. yes   OR no   If NO, then indicate a realistic delivery as follows: Delivery in   working days or  weeks from receipt of the order. F.O.B. DESTINATION, FREIGHT PREPAID DELIVERED TO 1550 DUBLIN AVENUE, WINNIPEG, MB. (unit prices include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance, handling etc.) ASSOCIATED COMPONENTS (that is, Request for Quotation-(RFQ)) documents must be purchased from MERX to be considered. To obtain the official RFQ document please follow the "Associated Components: Preview/Order" link at the top of this page. Bidders must "login" to MERX to access the General Terms & Conditions which apply to this RFQ, in addition to those shown below. After "login" follow the links - Information - Government Publications - Manitoba Terms and Conditions - Request for Quotation If you have faxed your quote to PSB and wish to confirm that all pages have been received please call our general inquiry line PHONENUMBER_TAG Vendor#s e-mail address: (if available)   Quantity clarification: quantity listed contains 2 or 3 decimals  ITEM QTY DESCRIPTION DELIVERY NO. DATE ======================================================== ITEM 10 14/01/2012 2.00 Each GSIN: N2320MATERIAL: 37854 TRUCK, CAB & CHASSIS, AS DESCRIBED BELOW: NEW 2011 OR BETTER TRUCK, STEEL SERVICE BODY, SERVICE CRANE, 19,500 LB GVW AS PER ATTACHED SPECIFICATION 16.04.11, SPECIFICATION MUST BE COMPLETED AND RETURNED WITH BID OR BID MAY BE REJECTED. MUST MEET OR EXCEED ATTACHED SPECIFICATION NOTE: DESCRIPTIVE LITERATURE MUST BE RETURNED WITH BID OR BID MAY BE REJECTED. Please indicate: Item offered is exactly as requested above: YES   or NO   Please advise information on the product offered as follows: Manufacturers Name  Brand Name  Product / Style Number   Bidder's catalogue/reference number ( if applicable)  ======================================================== Note: If any of the above items/features are accessories they are to be included and installed prior to delivery. QUOTATION EVALUATION Generally the lowest overall price of an acceptable item(s) in accordance with the terms & conditions of the RFQ will be awarded the order. Quotations will be evaluated based on product offered compared to product description/specifications requested, delivery, price, warranty, quality of the bidder's performance in past awards and any other terms & conditions indicated on this RFQ Failure to provide adequate information to evaluate the item offered may be cause for rejection of your quote by the Manitoba Government (Manitoba) PRODUCT: Items offered are to meet or exceed the specifications indicated for the items listed If it is your intention to offer an item which does not meet all the specifications outlined, then you must indicate all intended deviations r changes on the return quote. In the absence of any particular construction details, the product ffered is to be completed with first quality design, manufacturing, finishing techniques and materials as required to produce a first quality product for the intended use. It should be noted that clarification of missing details may require discussions etc. with the end user. PRODUCT DEMO In the event your company has not produced this product or a similar product for the Manitoba Government recently, you must be prepared to demonstrate ( at your expense) your product to Manitoba. Bidders must be prepared to provide, if requested, references of current users of the model offered. QUALITY / ACCEPTABILITY Any product supplied must be new, unused, first quality. All goods delivered are subject to inspection prior to delivery acceptance. Signing of any delivery slip should not be construed as acceptance of the product delivered. Manitoba reserves the right to reject any product, after final inspection that does not meet the specification or product description requested. Manitoba reserves the right to reject any product supplied which, upon inspection or use, is deemed by the using department to be unacceptable for their intended use. Products to be supplied as specified on the contract/purchase order. Any substitutes shipped without prior written approval will be rejected at time of delivery or held at shippers risk pending return instructions Products rejected by the using department will be returned to the Vendor for full credit or replacement product at no cost to Manitoba r the contract may be cancelled. DELIVERY: F.O.B. DESTINATION, FREIGHT PREPAID DELIVERED TO 1550 DUBLIN AVENUE, WINNIPEG, MB. ( unit prices include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance, handling etc.) If any charges are not included please explain in detail any/all charges which will be extra to the unit prices quoted and will be charged on the invoice. INSPECTION: Final inspection and acceptance or rejection of the goods will be made promptly as practicable, but failure to inspect and accept or reject goods promptly does not mean that the Manitoba Government has accepted these goods. The Government of Manitoba reserves the right to inspect the goods for up to 90 days after the date of delivery. Partial acceptance of rejection of an order does not release the Bidder from its responsibility to complete the order. WARRANTY MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY: State warranty of units offered ( as applicable to Manitoba's use) (Manitoba's use would usually be considered commercial application not consumer) Product   months OR   years Labour   months OR   years Please note: During the period of the warranty offered, all labour, transportation, parts, surcharges including shipping and brokerage will be included. The Province of Manitoba will not pay additional charges while the item(s) offered are under the above stated warranty. If the warranty offered is the Vendor's warranty in combination with r in place of the Manufacturer's warranty then a complete explanation must be provided. WARRANTY SERVICE/LOCATION Potential costs associated with the location of warranty service might be used in the evaluation of this quote Is warranty service provided on site at our premises? Yes  or No  If No Indicate the location the unit must be sent to for manufacturer's certified and/or approved warranty service Company name  Location (city & province)  Do you have a toll free phone number for warranty service? Yes  or No  IF YES PLEASE PROVIDE:  AFTER WARRANTY SERVICE: Is after warranty service provider the same as above? Yes   or No  If No please advise Company name  Location (city & province)  REGISTRATION/FORMS: All dealer supplied forms that are required for the Department to register/insure the unit in Manitoba must be fully completed and provided immediately on delivery. GOVERNING LAWS Manitoba requires its suppliers to adhere to provincial labour laws and, where businesses use sources outside of Canada, Manitoba expects suppliers to comply with local labour laws in the country of manufacture TERMINATION Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, immediately terminate a purchase rder/contract in writing if: a) the vendor fails to properly fulfill, perform, satisfy and carry out each and every one of its obligations under the purchase order/contract, r b) the vendor fails or refuses to comply with a verbal or written request or direction from Manitoba within three(3) days of receiving the request or direction; or c) the vendor become bankrupt or insolvent or liquidates; or d) a receiver, trustee or custodian is appointed for the assets of the vendor, or any partner thereof; or e) the vendor or any partner thereof makes a compromise, arrangement, or assignment with or for the benefit of the creditors of the vendor or of that partner, as the case may be; or f) the vendor fails to secure or renew any license or permit for the vendors business required by law; or any such license or permit is revoked or suspended; or g) the vendor or any partner, officer or director of the vendor is found guilty of an indictable offence; or h) the vendor fails to comply with any law or regulation relating to the employment of its employees; or i) the vendor at any time engages in any activities or trade practices which, in the opinion of Manitoba, are prejudicial to the interests of Manitoba, or a department or agency thereof; or j) there is a breach of any provision of the purchase order/contract. k) the goods provided by the vendor are not according to the contract or therwise unsatisfactory; or l) the services provided by the vendor are unsatisfactory, inadequate, r are improperly performed; or m) the vendor has failed to meet the delivery date indicated on the purchase order/contract or repeatedly failed to meet the delivery lead time, indicated on the purchase order/contract. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, terminate the purchase rder/contract at any time by giving at least 30 days written notice to the vendor prior to the intended termination date. This termination may be used for those instances where there are program changes, funding changes, etc. All purchases by Manitoba under the purchase rder/contract are subject to and expressly conditional upon the Legislature of Manitoba duly appropriating funds to the fiscal year in which they are required to be paid. For the multi-year contracts the RFQ/contract term "fiscal year" means the period commencing April 1st of ne year and ending on March 31st of the next ensuing year. PUBLICITY, MEDIA, OFFICIAL ENQUIRIES AND ADVERTISING: Neither the bidder nor its suppliers/vendors, employees nor consultants shall make any public statement making reference to, or relating to the existence or performance of the purchase order/contract in any advertising, testimonials or promotional material without the prior written consent of the Province of Manitoba, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The provision of this condition shall apply during the extension of a purchase order/contract and indefinitely after its expiry or termination. CONFIDENTIALITY: The content of this RFQ and any other information received by the Bidder relating to the RFQ, gained through the RFQ process or otherwise, is to be treated in strict confidentiality. The Bidder shall not disclose any f the information in whole or in part to anyone not specifically involved in the preparation of the Bidder's quotation, unless written consent is secured from Manitoba prior to the said disclosure. The bligation of each Bidder to maintain confidentiality shall survive the expiration or the acceptance/rejection of their quotation and/or any resulting Contract/ Agreement(s) to supply the requirements of this RFQ. FAVOURED CUSTOMER CLAUSE: If during the period of the offer the Bidders offers for sale like quality and quantity similar to customers at more favourable terms, the current quoted price shall be immediately altered to a level that reflects the same favourable terms. PROVISION OF GOODS/SERVICES TO MANITOBA BOARDS, ET AL: During the term of the Agreement, or any renewal thereof, the Contractor agrees to offer the goods/services upon written approval of PSB: a) to corporations, boards commissions, councils, bureaus, agencies or associations that are controlled by the Government of Manitoba, or all f the members of which are appointed by the Government of Manitoba, whether by order-in-council or legislation or by a Minister of the Government of Manitoba; release of the purchase order/outline agreement will be at PSB#s discretion; and b) To agencies that are funded by the Government of Manitoba only, or suppliers of essential services in the Province of Manitoba. On the same terms and conditions of the Agreement and at prices that do not exceed prices charged to Manitoba for the goods/services. It shall be in the sole discretion of such entity whether or not it wishes to receive the benefit of this provision. If an entity wishes to avail itself of this provision, it may do so directly by issuing its own Release Purchase order to the Contractor, in which case any agreement resulting from said Release Purchase Order will be between the entity and the Contractor, and Manitoba will not be a party thereto. VENDOR INFORMATION RIGHT TO REISSUE RFQ Manitoba reserves the right to cancel and/or reissue the RFQ where, in Manitoba's sole opinion, none of the quotes submitted in response to the RFQ warrant acceptance or where it would be in the best interests of Manitoba to do so. Costs incurred in the preparation, presentation and submission of a quote shall be borne entirely by the Bidder. Manitoba shall not reimburse any bidders for any costs if the RFQ is cancelled or reissued. AUTHORIZED VENDOR Manitoba reserves the right, prior to any contract award, to secure evidence to Manitoba's satisfaction that any bidder is the manufacturer r an authorized distributor, dealer or retailer of the goods offered and is authorized to sell these goods in Manitoba, Canada and upon request will provide Manitoba with written evidence thereof. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD FOR "GOODS WITH RELATED SERVICES" DEFINITIONS: "Aboriginal Business" means a business that is at least 51% aboriginal wned and controlled and, if it has six or more full-time employees, at least one-third of its employees must be Aboriginal persons. "Aboriginal Business Directory" means a business directory of Aboriginal businesses that meet Manitoba's definition of an Aboriginal business. 'Aboriginal Business Standard" means terms and conditions that indicate that Aboriginal business participation is desirable but not mandatory. "Aboriginal Person" means a First Nations, Non-status Indian, Métis or Inuit person who is a Canadian citizen and resident of Canada. ABORIGINAL PROCUREMENT INITIATIVE Manitoba is committed to community economic development as a key component of its economic strategy. It intends to develop a provincial economy that is more inclusive, equitable and sustainable. Procurement practices are one means that can be used to contribute to the growth of Aboriginal businesses. In that regard, Manitoba developed the Aboriginal Procurement Initiative (API). The objective of API is to increase the participation of Aboriginal businesses in providing goods and services to Manitoba. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD Aboriginal participation is desired but bids will not be disqualified if there is no Aboriginal business participation. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS DIRECTORY Manitoba has established a directory of Aboriginal businesses called the "Aboriginal Business Directory". This directory is a list of Aboriginal businesses (including non profit organizations and economic development corporations) that have self declared as an Aboriginal Business meeting that definition under the API. It is neither comprehensive nor exhaustive but may be a useful resource to identifying Aboriginal businesses for potential partnering or sub-contracting purposes. Aboriginal businesses not listed in the Directory may also be used. Registration in the Aboriginal Business Directory does not guarantee certification as an Aboriginal business, as business status may change; therefore formal certification is required in the formal tender process. Aboriginal businesses are encouraged to register by contacting Procurement Services Branch. For specific inquires related to the Aboriginal Business Directory please contact: Mark Freedman Vendor relations Coordinator Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation 2nd floor - 270 Osborne Street N. Winnipeg, Manitoba Ph. 204-945-0826 Fax: 204-945-1455 Email: EMAIL_TAG For all other general inquiries related to this tender opportunity, please contact the name of the individual(s) identified on page one of this tender document. INVOICING AND PAYMENT Subject to the following subsections, in consideration the goods provided or delivered to the satisfaction of Manitoba, Manitoba shall pay the Contractor an amount not exceeding the amount specified in the successful Contractor's bid submission. All invoices shall be issued in writing and satisfactory to Manitoba in both form and content. The contractor shall also provide to Manitoba such supporting documents, vouchers, statements and receipts as requested by Manitoba. Manitoba shall endeavor to pay the Contractor any fees due within 30 days net after the receipt and approval of the invoice and any supporting materials requested. CANADIAN FUNDS Manitoba prefers to receive quotations in Canadian funds. If the pricing offered is quoted in a currency other than Canadian then the currency must be clearly identified on the quote document. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE ADDRESS Due to our computerised accounts payable system please advise if your invoice address (accounts receivable) is the same as the address for orders / quotes shown above YES   or NO   If NO provide complete details i.e. box #, street address, city, province, postal code, etc.  MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX LICENSE Are you licensed by Manitoba Finance to collect and remit Manitobas Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO  If NO disregard the following paragraph. MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX Is the product(s) offered subject to Manitobas Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO   If the quote consists of both taxable (T) and non-taxable ( NT) items please indicate T or NT opposite each item offered. YOUR QUOTATION REFERENCE # ( if applicable)   Proposed Delivery Address: Deliver to: Vehicle and Equipment Management Agency 1550 Dublin Ave Winnipeg, MB R3E-0L4 TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO: Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Transportation and Government Services 2nd Flr - 270 Osborne St. N. Winnipeg, MB, Canada. POSTALCODE_TAG (or)FAX quote toPHONENUMBER_TAG 
35497.txt	800 AMP AND 600 AMP TRANSFER SWITCHES - AS PER ATTACHED SPECIFICATIONS 800 AMP AND 600 AMP TRANSFER SWITCHES - AS PER ATTACHED SPECIFICATIONS APPENDIX "A" ATTACHED, 5 PAGES. THIS TENDER WILL BE PUBLICLY OPENED AT: GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY 30 STRAWBERRY MARSH ROAD ST. JOHN'S, NL, CANADA POSTALCODE_TAG AT THE TIME AND DATE INDICATED ON THIS DOCUMENT TENDER SHALL BE OPENED AT 10:00 AM, DECEMBER 5, 2011 DELIVERY REQUIRED AS PER SPECIFICATIONS UNLESS STATED OTHERWISE IN THE INVITATION, BIDS MUST REMAIN OPEN AND ARE IRREVOCABLE FOR A PERIOD OF 90 DAYS AFTER THE INVITATION CLOSING DATE PRICES QUOTED ARE TO BE EXCLUSIVE OF HST AND GST. EFFECTIVE APRIL 1, 1997, GOVERNMENT WILL NOT BE EXEMPT FROM THE HARMONIZED SALES TAX (H.S.T.) OR THE GOODS AND SERVICES TAX (G.S.T.). APPLICABLE TAXES WILL BE APPLIED AT INVOICING STAGE. HST NUMBER: 107442683 DISREGARD TAX COLUMN ON THIS PAGE UNSIGNED TENDERS/RFQ's SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED THE "ATLANTIC PROVINCES STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS" APPLY TO THIS TENDER/RFQ AND MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY, OR BY WAY OF THE INTERNET AT: WWW.GPA.GOV.NL YOU ARE REQUIRED TO SUPPLY UP TO DATE MATERIAL SAFETY DATA SHEETS   APPLICABLE TO ANYTHING REGULATED UNDER TRANSPORTATION OF DANGEROUS GOODS, OR THE SHIPMENT CANNOT BE ACCEPTED. PRICES QUOTED SHALL BE IN CANADIAN FUNDS EXTERNAL ATTACHMENTS EXIST FOR THIS TENDER. IF YOU HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE ATTACHMENTS DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT, YOU MAY LOG ON TO WWW.GOV.NL.CA/TENDERS OR CALL GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY AT PHONENUMBER_TAG. FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THIS TENDER PLEASE CALL MIKE MARTIN AT PHONENUMBER_TAG OR FAX AT PHONENUMBER_TAG RESPONSES MAY BE RETURNED BY FAX AT PHONENUMBER_TAG UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED HEREIN. TENDER OR QUOTATION DOCUMENTS SUBMITTED BY FACSIMILE MUST BE RECEIVED "IN FULL" AT THE GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY BY THE SPECIFIED CLOSING TIME. DOCUMENTS IN TRANSMISSION AFTER THE CLOSING TIME WILL BE CONSIDERED LATE TENDERS OR QUOTATIONS. UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED IN THIS DOCUMENT, PRICES QUOTED SHALL BE FOB DESTINATION. THIS PROCUREMENT OPPORTUNITY IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT ON INTERNAL TRADE AND THE ATLANTIC PROCUREMENT AGREEMENT. INQUIRIES ADDRESS ALL INQUIRIES IN WRITING TO MIKE MARTIN. INVITATION NUMBER IS TO BE QUOTED ON ALL CORRESPONDENCE. FORWARD TO: GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY, 30 STRAWBERRY MARSH ROAD, ST. JOHN'S, NL, POSTALCODE_TAG OR BY FAX TO PHONENUMBER_TAG. VERBAL RESPONSES TO INQUIRIES SHALL NOT BE BINDING UPON EITHER PARTY. QUESTIONS SHALL BE ANSWERED IN WRITING IN THE FORM OF ADDENDA. TO ENSURE CONSISTENCY AND QUALITY IN THE INFORMATION PROVIDED TO BIDDERS THE GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY SHALL PROVIDE, BY WAY OF AMENDMENT TO THIS TENDER IN THE FORM OF AN ADDENDUM TO ALL BIDDERS WHO HAVE REGISTERED TO RECEIVE AMENDMENTS, ANY RELEVANT INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO THE TENDER INQUIRIES RECEIVED IN WRITING WITHOUT REVEALING THE SOURCE OF THOSE INQUIRIES. BIDDERS ARE CAUTIONED THAT IT IS THEIR RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE THAT THEY RECEIVE ALL INFORMATION RELEVANT TO THIS TENDER. THE OWNER SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR BIDDERS WHO FAIL TO INFORM THEMSELVES REGARDING THE SCOPE AND NATURE OF THE WORK. GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY SHALL PUBLISH ALL AMENDMENTS TO THE TENDERING WEBSITE AT WWW.GPA.GOV.NL.CA . SUPPLIERS MAY REGISTER ON THE TENDERING WEBSITE TO RECEIVE AMENDMENTS AUTOMATICALLY THROUGH EMAIL OR FAX. SUPPLIERS NOT REGISTERED TO RECEIVE AMENDMENTS ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THEY ARE AWARE OF AND HAVE COMPLIED WITH ALL AMENDMENTS BY TENDER CLOSING TIME. Line NO: Item NO./Description Quantity / UOM Unit Price Extended Tax 1 800 AMP TRANSFER SWITCH 1 EACH AS INDICATED BELOW CA 2 600 AMP TRANSFER SWITCH 1 EACH Note: In order to be notified of amendments  to this tender, suppliers must go directly  to the Newfoundland government tendering web site at URL_TAG and register to receive amendments for this tender  document. 
39119.txt	Office Supplies for CBC/Radio-Canada CBC/Radio-Canada is looking to satisfy its on-demand requirements for Office Supplies. Products categories include, but are not limited to, the following: General Office Supplies (Stationery) Ink and Toner Cartridges Paper This has resulted in a wish to put in place Letter(s) of Standing Offer (LSO) with a consolidated set of suppliers for the provision of related products as and when requested. LSOs are written agreements entered into between CBC/Radio-Canada and suppliers, whose intent is to establish a framework with Qualified Suppliers to permit the expeditious processing of legally binding contracts for specific products/services through a call-up against the LSO. LSOs establish a set of procurement procedures and include a minimal set of contract terms and conditions applicable to any resulting contract(s) formed by call-ups made against the LSO. The key objective in issuing this Request for Standing Offer ("RFSO") is to identify the future preferred supplier(s) to CBC/Radio-Canada of Office Supplies nationwide. Goals of the RFSO, while adhering to service level and delivery requirements, will be to achieve the following: 1. Cost savings 2. Consolidated supplier base 3. Operational efficiencies 4. Improved reporting Currently, related annual purchases are estimate at 1.8 millions $ (1.8M$). This RFSO is open only to suppliers who meet the following Mandatory Requirements: 1. The supplier must have been in business for at least two (2) years providing Office Supplies.  2. The supplier must deliver throughout Canada from coast to coast. 3. The supplier must offer online ordering via a bilingual English/French web interface. 4. The supplier must have in place an electronic invoicing system for major accounts. 5. The supplier must have a business place in Canada. In order to receive a copy of the RFSO documents, your company is required to provide, no later than Friday, January 13, 2012, at 5:00PM Eastern Standard Time, written evidence that your company meets the mandatory requirements by providing the following:  1. An internet address allowing CBC/Radio-Canada to validate the availability of an online bilingual French/English ordering website. 2. Three references of Canadian clients of similar size with CBC/Radio-Canada to whom you as a supplier have provided similar products to those that are proposed in reply to this RFSO. For each reference, the supplier must include: name of contact, title of contact, phone number and email address. 3. The supplier must include all documents required above and written evidence that it currently meets each of the Mandatory Requirements with signature of a duly authorized officer (representative) attesting that it does. Following receipt of the above documents and a positive assessment of your company's submissions, CBC/Radio-Canada will provide qualified respondents with an electronic copy of the complete RFSO.  Any contact with CBC/Radio-Canada at this stage of the RFSO process must be undertaken by email only, through the CBC/Radio-Canada representative whose coordinates appear below. All email titles pertaining to this RFSO must include the RFSO number (RFSO # NGP20111219). Responses to the RFSO are due no later than Tuesday, January 31, 2012 at 2:00PM Eastern Standard Time. To request this RFSO, please submit an email to the CBC/Radio-Canada representative and include requested information (including evidence related to the mandatory requirements referred to above) and complete coordinates of the person in your organization who shall be the sole contact for the purpose of this RFSO:  1. Legal name of Supplier,  2. Name of contact,  3. Title, 4. Address (Street, City, Province, Postal Code) 5. Telephone number, 6. Facsimile number, 7. Mobile phone number, 8. Email address. 
39148.txt	Director of Transportation 2011 or 2012 full size extened cab short box 1/2 ton 4x4 truck. Silver or gray color. URL_TAG 
37254.txt	Invitation for Supplier Consultation Financial Accounting OECM is working with the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities, Private Career Colleges Branch, Quality and Partnerships Unit to contract for a service provider for a variety of transactional services including: Financial Accounting and Reporting, Financial Statement Conversion, Management of Billing Processes and Related Customer Service in support of the Training Completion Assurance Fund (TCAF).  
35443.txt	Opportunity Description: Centre Communautaire Beaumont Community Centre    Project Management Services Request For Proposal   The purpose of this Request for Proposal is to solicit proposals from service providers to perform the services ("Services") described in Schedule A forming part of the attachment. The CCBCC invites Proponents to submit a formal proposal in response to this Request For Proposals.   Closing Time and Address For Proposal Delivery Proposals must be received before 4:00 pm MST, Thursday, December 15, 2011 (the "Closing Time") by:   Centre Communautaire Beaumont Community Centre  Care of Bob Payette, Town Liaison Town of Beaumont 5600 – 49 Street Beaumont, AB, POSTALCODE_TAG   Mark sealed envelope:  CCBCC Project Manager   Submissions by fax or email shall not be accepted. There shall be no extension to the Closing Time for the submission of Proposals.
39212.txt	RAH Heliport Upgrade Project 11.4008.03 - Addendum #2 The work is located on the top of the NE parkade at the Royal Alexandra Hospital. This work includes the construction services for the upgrade of the existing helicopter landing pad URL_TAG 
37221.txt	TYVEK PAPER FLAGS Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TYVEK PAPER FLAGS EP372-121654/A Werk(cw), Janet Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG EMAIL_TAG This is a Request for Standing Offer (RFSO). This is to be one Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) for the provision of Canada flags made of Tyvek paper, 3'' x 6'', stapled to the paper stick on an ''if and when requested basis'' for the PWGSC and CIC. The Standing Offer will be for one (1) year from February 1, 2012 with the option to extend it by two (2) periods f one (1) year each. This requirement is limited to Canadian goods and/or services. There is no security requirement associated with the requirement f the Standing Offer. Basis of Selection: An offer must comply with the requirements f the Request for Standing Offers to be declared responsive. The responsive offer with the lowest Evaluated Price will be recommended for issuance of a standing offer. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Werk(cw), Janet 360 Albert St./ 360, rue Albert 12th Floor / 12ième étage Ottawa Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31154.txt	Q & A posted  Mountain Pine Beetle ground surveys as outlined by the ASRD ground survey protocols provided in this Invitation to Bid. The survey type and required documentation will be predetermined by the ASRD Designate. Removal of specified MPB baits within fourteen (14) days of work completion. Ground survey data management and/or entry procedures that follow Provincial standards outlined in the Mountain Pine Beetle Detection and Management in Albertaand FIRES Training courses. There will be a mandatory Vendors conference call scheduled prior to the closing of the Invitation to Bid. Each Vendor must have a company representative present on the call. The call shall be on November 2 at 13:00 hours local time. The phone number is 1-866-792-1317. The Conference ID is 7445044#. The conference call will be recorded. Contact : Don Gelinas Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
27724.txt	Replace Windows and Doors in Various Residential Housing Units – Petawawa, Ontario DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – HALPA35 – Replace Windows and Doors in Various Residential Housing Units – Petawawa, Ontario The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment necessary to replace existing windows and doors in various residential housing complexes in Petawawa, Ontario. For DCC Tender Board Projects, Plans and Specifications (P&S) are picked up at the DCC Site Office located at the following address: Defence Construction Canada 101 Menin Road Building S-111, Room B-104 Petawawa, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG The MERX order confirmation number authorizing the order of Project #HALPA35 must be presented to the DCC Site Office when picking up P&S. THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. A site meeting will be held at the following date, time and location. It is highly recommended that bidders attend this site meeting. Date: October 27, 2011 Time: 10:00 hours, local time Location: 3420 Dundonald Drive, Petawawa The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $347,600.00. Bidders are advised that bid and contract security is required when the advertised project budget (estimated cost for this opportunity) is greater than $100,000.00. Refer to the Instructions to Tenderers (Form DCL193 (R-07-08)), paragraph 4. This procurement follows tendering procedures in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Agreement on Internal Trade.  The tender closing date is: November 8, 2011  The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time. Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: Public Works and Government Services Canada Bid Receiving  11 Laurier Street Place du Portage, Phase III Main Lobby Core 0A1 Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association and the DCC Site Office in the project area. Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the Bid Opening Office and from the DCC Site at telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG . Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact anyone other than the DCC Contracting Authority to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS -VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG 
39289.txt	Opportunity Description: Excavation and disposal of area within Stage 1 that has been identified as a historic disposal area for oily wastes. The project will include contractor effort to: prepare the site; excavate and stockpile cover material; excavate, assess and dispose of encountered waste within the excavation area as defined by the consultant; backfilling and reinstating the site as directed by the consultant's remedial action plan; and instituting any necessary controls for leachate, landfill gas, etc. On site treatment of waste to meet disposal requirements is included as an optional task.  Completion: May 30, 2011
31234.txt	Opportunity Description: Bridge File 77167 (SW 16-73-10-W5M), near Faust on Range Road 104. Work includes replacing the timber caps, driving 3 new piles, partial depth repairs, erosion control barrier, erosion control soil covering, miscellaneous repairs and roadway work.
29291.txt	Parliament Hill Slope Reforestation Solicitation EP750-121059/A - PW-$$FG-343-57150 has been cancelled. Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Tendering Procedures: Open Technical Documents: YES (MERX) Electronic Cook, Kristin 11 Laurier St./11 Rue Laurier 3C2, Place du Portage Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37196.txt	Heavy Equipment,Grass & Snow Removal Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Solicitation No.: W3534-120004/A Contracting Authority: Fung, Donna (PWY) Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Title: Heavy Equipment, Grass Cutting and Snow Removal Location: British Columbia Interior Work Description: Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) is inviting firms to submit proposals for Standing Offers. Work under this Standing Offer comprises the furnishing of all labour, material, and equipment as necessary for the provision of Heavy Equipment, Grass Cutting and Snow Removal services, for various Department f National Defence (DND) properties. It is PWGSC's intention to authorize one (1) Standing Offer to provide for all potential requirements of this proposed procurement. The total dollar value of this opportunity is estimated to be $225,000.00 (HST included). Individual call-ups will vary, up to a maximum of $40,000. (HST included). Period of the Standing Offer: The period for placing call-ups against the Standing Offer shall be from 1 April 2012 to 31 March 2015. Solicitation Enquiries: Donna Fung, telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG This procurement office provides procurement services to the public in English. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Fung, Donna(PWY) 800 Burrard Street, 12th floor 800, rue Burrard, 12e êtage Vancouver British C POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28255.txt	Opportunity Description: A summative evaluation is required on the Workplace Training Program (WT).  The intent of WT is to provide individual-focused training and/or work exposure to enable individuals to find and maintain employment. WT establishes partnerships with employers to hire and train clients and provides an alternative to classroom-based training. At program completion, employees are expected to continue working with the employer. 
28305.txt	Opportunity Description: Alberta Sustainable Resource Development, Wildfire Management Branch invites formal written proposals for the engineered foundation, fabrication, construction and installation of One 30 Metre freestanding Wildfire Observation Tower as outlined in Schedule "A" attached.
39107.txt	Pick up of solid waste roll off bins from two Transfer Stations in North Whiteshell, Manitoba The purpose of this quotation is for pick up of solid waste roll off bins from the Jessica Lake Transfer Station and the Nutimik Lake Transfer Station (Whiteshell Provincial Park) and haul to Whitemouth-Reynolds-North Whiteshell Waste Management Facility. Services are estimated to commence on February 1, 2012 and end on January 31, 2013. Any enquiries in regard to this RFQ must be directed no later than 12:00 noon CDT, January 6, 2012. For enquiries and copies of the tender package, contact:  Manitoba Conservation Attn: Sean Nedohin Box 130 Rennie, MB POSTALCODE_TAG Phone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG 
29041.txt	Supply of 3000KVA Transformer - Point Lepreau Generating Station NB Power 515 King St. P.O. Box 2000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Tender Documents are available at URL_TAG FJS1109006  Supply of 3000KVA Transformer - Point Lepreau Generating Station Closing: October 24, 2011 at 1:30 pm, local time FJS1109006  Fourniture d'un transformateur de 3 000 KVA - Centrale de Point Lepreau Clôture : Le 24 octobre 2011 à 13 h 30 HAA This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. Tenders available online at NB Power. 1: Unit of measure :  Quantity:  Organisation id :  Description :  TRANSFORMERS, DISTRIBUTION AND POWER STATION Frances Seely NB Power 515 King St. P.O. Box 2000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
37281.txt	2011 Latin America Air Service Development Strategy The Tourism Division of Alberta Tourism, Parks and Recreation wishes to retain a consulting firm to prepare a 2011 Latin America Air Service Development Strategy for Alberta. The Strategy will serve as a planning document to guide the identification of charter and scheduled air service opportunities between specific Latin American countries and Alberta. The Strategy will identify challenges and opportunities that need to be addressed. It will include a quantification of potential travel market size in specific Latin American countries, an outlook for Latin-America-Alberta travel, and set forth specific strategies and tactics that support the development of charter and scheduled air service between Alberta and Latin America. Additionally, the Strategy will use stakeholder feedback to inform how the Government of Alberta and industry stakeholders can coordinate their efforts to realize the joint objectives identified. URL_TAG 
36952.txt	Supply of Shock Absorbers and Struts ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Procurement Services Branch DATE ISSUED: 09/12/2011 ISSUED BY: Shaun Ritchie TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG THE FOLLOWING IS A REQUEST FOR A TWO YEAR (PLUS AN OPTION YEAR) OUTLINE AGREEMENT FOR THE SUPPLY AND DELIVERY OF VARIOUS UNSPECIFIED SHOCK ABSORBERS, STRUTS, STRUT MOUNTS AND SUNDRIES FOR MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION'S SPECIAL OPERATING AGENCY "VEHICLE AND EQUIPMENT MANAGEMENT AGENCY (VEMA)" THE SERVICES REQUIRED WILL BE FOR THE VEMA LIGHT DUTY VEHICLE DIVISION WHICH IS LOCATED AT 626 HENRY AVE IN WINNIPEG, MANITOBA. NOTE: Purchasing Agent: Shaun Ritchie - phone PHONENUMBER_TAG (or) email: EMAIL_TAG Please contact the individual noted above if additional information r clarification is required on the following items. To be delivered as & when required from January 1, 2012 TO December 31, 2013 with an option to extend for an additional year. The delivery date (if shown) is actually the end of the contract TO BE DELIVERED FOB DESTINATION, FREIGHT PREPAID TO ANY POINT LOCATED IN WINNIPEG CITY WITH THE MAJORITY OF SHIPMENTS GOING TO 626 HENRY AVENUE. (unit prices, include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance, handling etc). ASSOCIATED COMPONENTS (that is, Request for Quotation-(RFQ)) documents must be purchased from MERX to be considered. To obtain the official RFQ document please follow the "Associated Components: Preview/Order" link at the top of this page. Bidders must "login" to MERX to access the General Terms & Conditions which apply to this RFQ, in addition to those shown below. After "login" follow the links - Information - Government Publications - Manitoba Terms and Conditions - Request for Quotation If you have faxed your quote to PSB and wish to confirm that all pages have been received please call our general inquiry line PHONENUMBER_TAG Vendor#s e-mail address: (if available)   Quantity clarification: quantity listed contains 2 or 3 decimals  ITEM QTY DESCRIPTION DELIVERY NO. DATE ======================================================== ITEM 10 31/12/2013 60,000.00 Dollar GSIN: N2540MATERIAL: 42722 SHOCK ABSORBER, AND RELATED COMPONENTS, FOR THE PURCHASE OF UNSPECIFIED SHOCK ABSORBERS AND RELATED COMPONENTS, GAS CHARGED SHOCK ABSORBERS BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) STEERING DAMPER BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) LIFT SUPPORTS BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) STRUTS BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) STRUT MOUNTS BIDDER TO QUOTE BASED ON MANUFACTURER'S CURRENT PUBLISHED PRICE LIST AS FOLLOWS: MANFACTURER:   PERCENTAGE DISCOUNT OF  % FROM: (CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING) LIST PRICE   DEALER PRICE JOBBER PRICE   OTHER (SPECIFY) For evaluation purposes please provide the quoted cost based on the pricing structure for each of the following items that are listed below. 1. Shock Absorbers - Gas Magnum Front 34522 $  2. Shock Absorbers - Gas Magnum Rear 34515 $  3. Steering Damper - Munroe SC2928 $  4. Lift Supports - Munroe 901373 $  5. Struts - Munroe Flex 71111 $  6. Strut Mounts - Munroe Flex 905914 $  This is to be included with your bid submission and will be used to evaluate the lowest cost for each of the items listed. MUST BE COMPLETED AND RETURNED WITH BID OR BID WILL BE REJECTED. ======================================================== THE FOLLOWING IS A REQUEST FOR A TWO YEAR (PLUS AN OPTION YEAR) OUTLINE AGREEMENT FOR THE SUPPLY AND DELIVERY OF VARIOUS UNSPECIFIED SHOCK ABSORBERS, STRUTS, STRUT MOUNTS AND SUNDRIES FOR MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION'S SPECIAL OPERATING AGENCY "VEHICLE AND EQUIPMENT MANAGEMENT AGENCY (VEMA)" THE SERVICES REQUIRED WILL BE FOR THE VEMA LIGHT DUTY VEHICLE DIVISION WHICH IS LOCATED AT 626 HENRY AVE IN WINNIPEG, MANITOBA. VEMA IS A SPECIAL OPERATING AGENCY OF MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Vendor's business hours must meet Vehicle and Equipment Management Agencies (VEMA) hours of 7:30AM - 4:00 PM Monday to Friday. Please provide hours of operation:  2. Supplier must deliver product within Two (2) hours of order being placed for stocked items, Deliveries to be made between the hours of 7:30 AM and 4:00 PM. Monday to Friday. Bidders must provide the normal delivery lead time for: Non-stocked item: Delivery within   working days PLEASE STATE THE LOCATION OF THE CLOSEST DISTRIBUTOR WITHIN PROXIMITY TO WINNIPEG:  3. No minimum invoicing or delivery charges to apply. No charge for local deliveries in Winnipeg and surround area. 4. Full credit on all returned parts that are in original/new packaging and in saleable conditions (No restocking or penalties) 5. PRICE LIST AND CATALOGUE MUST BE SUPPLIED AT TIME OF BID SUBMISSION OR IF IN RECEIPT OF CONTRACT ONCE AWARDED. 6. SUPPLIER MUST MAINTAIN SUFFICIENT INVENTORY TO MEET THE NEEDS OF THIS CONTRACT. 7. INVOICE MUST BE SUPPLIED WITH THE PARTS WHEN DELIVERED. 8. ALL ITEMS TO BE INDIVIDUALLY BOXED AND LABELLED 9. ALL PARTS MUST HAVE A MINIMUM OF ONE (1) YEAR WARRANTY FROM DATE OF INSTALL 10. ALL COMPONENTS MUST BE FIRST LINE QUALITY (example GABRIL, MUNROE AND ARE TO MEET OR EXCEED OEM SPECIFICATIONS) 11. SUPPLIER TO INDICATE TRAINING AVAILABLE TO VEMA STAFF AND THE ASSOCIATED COSTS. 12. NO SUBSTITUTIONS OF BRANDS SHALL BE ALLOWED WITHOUT EXPRESSED APPROVAL OF VEHICLE AND EQUIPMENT MANAGEMENT AGENCY PLEASE NOTE THE FOLLOWING: DELIVERY: THE DELIVERY DATE (IF SHOWN) IS ACTUALLY THE END OF THE CONTRACT PERIOD. TO BE DELIVERED ON AN AS AND WHEN REQUIRED BASIS FOR THE PERIOD JANUARY 1,2012 TO DECEMBER 31,2013 WITH AN OPTION TO EXTEND FOR AN ADDITIONAL YEAR. THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ANY GUARANTEE OF BUSINESS. IT DOES HOWEVER, OUTLINE THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO BE APPLIED WHEN A PURCHASE TRANSACTION OCCURS. ANY UNUSED PORTION AS OF THE END OF THE CONTRACT SHALL BE CONSIDERED CANCELLED. QUANTITIES: THE QUANTITIES SHOWN ARE APPROXIMATE AND MAY VARY MORE OR LESS. PRICING STRUCTURE: DISCOUNT IS TO REMAIN FIRM FOR DURATION OF THE ORDER UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED BY BIDDER BELOW. PREFERENCE MAY BE GIVEN TO SUPPLIERS OFFERING A FIRM DISCOUNT, IF NO, SHOW DURATION OF FIRM DISCOUNT. DISCOUNT FIRM UNTIL:  . QUOTATION EVALUATION: Any product supplied must be new, unused, first quality. Generally the lowest overall value of money for an acceptable item(s) in accordance with the terms & conditions of the RFQ will be awarded the rder. Quotations will be evaluated based on compliance of bid, product offered compared to product description/specifications requested, overall value for money, delivery, freight, quality of the bidder's performance in past awards and any other terms & conditions indicated on this RFQ Failure to provide adequate information to evaluate the item offered may be cause for rejection of your quote by the Manitoba Government(Manitoba) PRODUCTS/BRANDS OFFERED: ALL COMPONENTS MUST BE OF FIRST LINE QUALITY, PREMIUM BRAND. MUST MEET VEHICLES ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT MANUFACTURERS SPECIFICATIONS. VEMA MAY REQUEST SAMPLES OF EACH PRODUCT ASSOCIATED ON THIS TENDER TO BE PROVIDED TO DETERMINE IF PRODUCT MEETS OUR REQUIREMENTS. VENDORS WISHING TO OFFER ALTERNATIVE PRODUCTS FOR FUTURE TENDERS ARE INVITED TO SUBMIT SAMPLES FOR LONG TERM TESTING AND EVALUATION BY CONTACTING THE END USER OR DEPARTMENT CONTACT. Any product supplied must be new, unused, first quality. Any product offered may require testing prior to acceptance. The product offered must meet the requirements and expectations for its intended use If required, you may be requested to submit a sample or samples of any alternative products offered, for evaluation for future tenders. The sample or samples are to be provided at no cost to Manitoba and may be tested up to and including destruction. QUALITY / ACCEPTABILITY: All goods delivered are subject to inspection prior to delivery acceptance. Signing of any delivery slip should not be construed as acceptance of the product delivered. Manitoba reserves the right toreject any product, after final inspection that does not meet the specification or product description requested. Manitoba reserves the right to reject any product supplied which, upon inspection or use, is deemed by the using department to be unacceptable for their intended use. Products to be supplied as specified on the contract/purchase order. Any substitutes shipped without prior written approval will be rejected at time of delivery or held at shipper's risk pending return instructions Products rejected by the using department will be returned to the Vendor for full credit or replacement product at no cost to Manitoba or the contract may be cancelled. ORDERS/RELEASES If your quotation is acceptable a Value Contract will be issued as the acceptance document of this quote. THE VENDOR IS NOT TO SHIP ANY ITEM UNTIL A SEPARATE RELEASE PURCHASE ORDER HAS BEEN ISSUED BY VEHICLE AND EQUIPMENT MANAGEMENT AGENCY (VEMA). THIS ORDER MAY BE PLACED VERBALLY, BY FAX OR MAIL, BY AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL. EACH RELEASE PURCHASE ORDER WILL HAVE A SPECIFIC REFERENCE NUMBER. PRODUCTS WILL BE SHIPPED TO WINNIPEG AND/OR RURAL MANITOBA. TO ASSIST IN PROMPT PAYMENT OF INVOICES PLEASE QUOTE THE RELEASE PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER ON THE INVOICE AND ANY CORRESPONDANCE. DELIVERY: TO BE DELIVERED FOB DESTINATION, FREIGHT PREPAID TO ANY POINT LOCATED IN WINNIPEG CITY WITH THE MAJORITY OF SHIPMENTS GOING TO 626 HENRY AVENUE. ( unit prices include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance ,handling etc.) IF A DELIVERY TO A RURAL AREA IS REQUESTED THE SHIPMENT WILL BE ON A PREPAID CHARGEBACK BASIS. If any charges are not included please explain in detail any/all charges which will be extra to the unit prices quoted and will be charged on the invoice. INSPECTION: Final inspection and acceptance or rejection of the goods will be made promptly as practicable, but failure to inspect and accept or reject goods promptly does not mean that the Manitoba Government has accepted these goods. The Government of Manitoba reserves the right to inspect the goods for up to 90 days after the date of delivery. Partial acceptance of rejection of an order does not release the Bidder from its responsibility to complete the order. MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY: State warranty of units offered ( as applicable to Manitoba's use) (Manitoba's use would usually be considered commercial application not consumer) Parts   months OR   years Please note: During the period of the warranty offered, all labour, transportation, parts, surcharges including shipping and brokerage will be included. The Province of Manitoba WILL NOT pay additional charges while the item(s) offered are under the above stated warranty. Potential costs associated with the location of warranty service might be used in the evaluation of this quote If the warranty offered is the Vendor's warranty in combination with r in place of the Manufacturer's warranty then a complete explanation must be provided. ASSIGNMENT The Contractor shall not assign or transfer the Agreement or any of the rights or obligations under the Agreement without first obtaining written permission from Manitoba. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, refuse to grant such permission. CONTRACT EXTENSION OR ADDITIONAL PRODUCTS: By written agreement between Manitoba and the Vendor, the Contract may be amended to include additional products or locations and/or the duration of the Contract may be extended to continue past the expiry date specified above. GOVERNING LAWS: Manitoba requires its suppliers to adhere to provincial labour laws and, where businesses use sources outside of Canada, Manitoba expects suppliers to comply with local labour laws in the country of manufacture TERMINATION: Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, immediately terminate a purchase rder/contract in writing if: a) the vendor fails to properly fulfill, perform, satisfy and carry out each and every one of its obligations under the purchase order/contract, r b) the vendor fails or refuses to comply with a verbal or written request or direction from Manitoba within three(3) days of receiving the request or direction; or c) the vendor become bankrupt or insolvent or liquidates; or d) a receiver, trustee or custodian is appointed for the assets of the vendor, or any partner thereof; or e) the vendor or any partner thereof makes a compromise, arrangement, or assignment with or for the benefit of the creditors of the vendor or of that partner, as the case may be; or f) the vendor fails to secure or renew any license or permit for the vendors business required by law; or any such license or permit is revoked or suspended; or g) the vendor or any partner, officer or director of the vendor is found guilty of an indictable offence; or h) the vendor fails to comply with any law or regulation relating to the employment of its employees; or i) the vendor at any time engages in any activities or trade practices which, in the opinion of Manitoba, are prejudicial to the interests of Manitoba, or a department or agency thereof; or j) there is a breach of any provision of the purchase order/contract. k) the goods provided by the vendor are not according to the contract or therwise unsatisfactory; or l) the services provided by the vendor are unsatisfactory, inadequate, r are improperly performed; or m) the vendor has failed to meet the delivery date indicated on the purchase order/contract or repeatedly failed to meet the delivery lead time, indicated on the purchase order/contract. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, terminate the purchase rder/contract at any time by giving at least 30 days written notice to the vendor prior to the intended termination date. This termination may be used for those instances where there are program changes, funding changes, etc. All purchases by Manitoba under the purchase rder/contract are subject to and expressly conditional upon the Legislature of Manitoba duly appropriating funds to the fiscal year in which they are required to be paid. For the multi-year contracts the RFQ/contract term #fiscal year# means the period commencing April 1st of ne year and ending on March 31st of the next ensuing year. PUBLICITY, MEDIA, OFFICIAL ENQUIRIES AND ADVERTISING: Neither the bidder nor its suppliers/vendors, employees nor consultants shall make any public statement making reference to, or relating to the existence or performance of the purchase order/contract in any advertising, testimonials or promotional material without the prior written consent of the Province of Manitoba, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The provision of this condition shall apply during the extension of a purchase order/contract and indefinitely after its expiry or termination. CONFIDENTIALITY: The content of this RFQ and any other information received by the Bidder relating to the RFQ, gained through the RFQ process or otherwise, is to be treated in strict confidentiality. The Bidder shall not disclose any f the information in whole or in part to anyone not specifically involved in the preparation of the Bidder's quotation, unless written consent is secured from Manitoba prior to the said disclosure. The bligation of each Bidder to maintain confidentiality shall survive the expiration or the acceptance/rejection of their quotation and/or any resulting Contract/ Agreement(s) to supply the requirements of this RFQ. FAVOURED CUSTOMER CLAUSE: If during the period of the offer the Bidders offers for sale like quality and quantity similar to customers at more favourable terms, the current quoted price shall be immediately altered to a level that reflects the same favourable terms. Provision of Goods/Services to Manitoba Boards, et al: During the term of the Agreement, or any renewal thereof, the Contractor agrees to offer the goods/services upon written approval of PSB: a) to corporations, boards commissions, councils, bureaus, agencies or associations that are controlled by the Government of Manitoba, or all f the members of which are appointed by the Government of Manitoba, whether by order-in-council or legislation or by a Minister of the Government of Manitoba; release of the purchase order/outline agreement will be at PSB#s discretion; and b) To agencies that are funded by the Government of Manitoba only, or suppliers of essential services in the Province of Manitoba. On the same terms and conditions of the Agreement and at prices that do not exceed prices charged to Manitoba for the goods/services. It shall be in the sole discretion of such entity whether or not it wishes to receive the benefit of this provision. If an entity wishes to avail itself of this provision, it may do so directly by issuing its own Release Purchase order to the Contractor, in which case any agreement resulting from said Release Purchase Order will be between the entity and the Contractor, and Manitoba will not be a party thereto. VENDOR INFORMATION: RIGHT TO REISSUE RFQ Manitoba reserves the right to cancel and/or reissue the RFQ where, in Manitoba's sole opinion, none of the quotes submitted in response to the RFQ warrant acceptance or where it would be in the best interests of Manitoba to do so. Costs incurred in the preparation, presentation and submission of a quote shall be borne entirely by the Bidder. Manitoba shall not reimburse any bidders for any costs if the RFQ is cancelled or reissued. AUTHORIZED VENDOR Manitoba reserves the right, prior to any contract award, to secure evidence to Manitoba's satisfaction that any bidder is the manufacturer r an authorized distributor, dealer or retailer of the goods offered and is authorized to sell these goods in Manitoba, Canada and upon request will provide Manitoba with written evidence thereof. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD FOR "GOODS WITH RELATED SERVICES" DEFINITIONS: "Aboriginal Business" means a business that is at least 51% aboriginal wned and controlled and, if it has six or more full-time employees, at least one-third of its employees must be Aboriginal persons. "Aboriginal Business Directory" means a business directory of Aboriginal businesses that meet Manitoba's definition of an Aboriginal business. 'Aboriginal Business Standard" means terms and conditions that indicate that Aboriginal business participation is desirable but not mandatory. "Aboriginal Person" means a First Nations, Non-status Indian, Métis or Inuit person who is a Canadian citizen and resident of Canada. ABORIGINAL PROCUREMENT INITIATIVE Manitoba is committed to community economic development as a key component of its economic strategy. It intends to develop a provincial economy that is more inclusive, equitable and sustainable. Procurement practices are one means that can be used to contribute to the growth of Aboriginal businesses. In that regard, Manitoba developed the Aboriginal Procurement Initiative (API). The objective of API is to increase the participation of Aboriginal businesses in providing goods and services to Manitoba. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD Aboriginal participation is desired but bids will not be disqualified if there is no Aboriginal business participation. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS DIRECTORY Manitoba has established a directory of Aboriginal businesses called the "Aboriginal Business Directory". This directory is a list of Aboriginal businesses (including non profit organizations and economic development corporations) that have self declared as an Aboriginal Business meeting that definition under the API. It is neither comprehensive nor exhaustive but may be a useful resource to identifying Aboriginal businesses for potential partnering or sub-contracting purposes. Aboriginal businesses not listed in the Directory may also be used. Registration in the Aboriginal Business Directory does not guarantee certification as an Aboriginal business, as business status may change; therefore formal certification is required in the formal tender process. Aboriginal businesses are encouraged to register by contacting Procurement Services Branch. For further information on the aboriginal Business Directory, registration forms and access to a copy of the Aboriginal Business Directory please see the following website: URL_TAG For specific inquires related to the Aboriginal Business Directory please contact: Mark Freedman Vendor relations Coordinator Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation 2nd floor # 270 Osborne Street N. Winnipeg, Manitoba Ph. 204-945-0826 Fax: 204-945-1455 Email: EMAIL_TAG For all other general inquiries related to this tender opportunity, please contact the name of the individual(s) identified on page one of this tender document. INVOICING AND PAYMENT Subject to the following subsections, in consideration the goods provided or delivered to the satisfaction of Manitoba, Manitoba shall pay the Contractor an amount not exceeding the amount specified in the successful Contractor's bid submission. All invoices shall be issued in writing and satisfactory to Manitoba in both form and content. The contractor shall also provide to Manitoba such supporting documents, vouchers, statements and receipts as requested by Manitoba. Manitoba shall endeavor to pay the Contractor any fees due within 30 days net after the receipt and approval of the invoice and any supporting materials requested. CANADIAN FUNDS: Manitoba prefers to receive quotations in Canadian funds. If the pricing offered is quoted in a currency other than Canadian then the currency must be clearly identified on the quote document. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE ADDRESS: Due to our computerized accounts payable system please advise if your invoice address (accounts receivable) is the same as the address for orders / quotes shown above YES   or NO   If NO provide complete details i.e. box #, street address, city, province, postal code, etc.  MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX LICENSE: Are you licensed by Manitoba Finance to collect and remit Manitoba's Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO  If NO disregard the following paragraph. MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX: Is the product(s) offered subject to Manitoba's Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO   If the quote consists of both taxable (T) and non-taxable ( NT) items please indicate T or NT opposite each item offered. YOUR QUOTATION REFERENCE # (if applicable)   Proposed Delivery Address: DELIVERY ADDRESS: TO BE ADVISED TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO: Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Transportation and Government Services 2nd Flr - 270 Osborne St. N. Winnipeg, MB, Canada. POSTALCODE_TAG (or)FAX quote toPHONENUMBER_TAG 
27677.txt	Multiphoton Microscope The RFP is an invitation to submit offers for the provision of a Multiphoton Microscope capable of conducting high speed (400 frames per second 512x32) imaging deep (600 µm) within tissue explants. This microscope should be capable of simultaneous high-temporal and spatial resolution, live-cell imaging of multiple parameters, to permit visualization of interactions between fluorophor-tagged proteins within a single cell, as further described in Appendix E – RFP Particulars – Section A. The Deliverables.  
37211.txt	DISHWASHING MACHINE,COMMERCIAL Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: REQUIREMENT DISHWASHER UNDER COUNTER TYPE This requirement is for the purchase and delivery of twenty (20) dishwashing machines industrial for their Halifax and Esquimalt (Victoria, BC) Canadian Forces Supply Depots. The model required is Moyer Diebel 501HT or equivalent. Dimensions are critical for installation on board ship Height - 34 inches maximum Width - 24 inches maximum Depth - 25 inches maximum Capacity: 21 racks per hour Motor: 1 horsepower Water Consumption: 32 gals/145 litres Wash temperature: Minimum 150 deg. Fahrenheit / 66 deg. Centigrade Tank Heater: 2.0 k.w. Total Wash Cycle: 150 seconds approx. Power: 115 Volts AC Frame Construction: Stainless Steel Racks: 2 Controls: Top front mounted Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Nolet, Josee 11 Laurier St. / 11 rue Laurier 6B3, Place du Portage Phase III Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29301.txt	Trail Bridge Replacment - NB DSS, Central Tendering, Construction Marysville Place, Room 205 20 McGloin Street Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Sentier NB Trail South Br. Pokemouche River Trail Bridge Replacement Six Roads, NB Address all inquiries to: Attn: Hillside Consulting Engineers Limited 420 York Street Fredericton, NB Tel: 506-454-4455 Fax: 506-454-7433 This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. To obtain tender documents, Contact: Receptionist Room 205, Marysville Place 20 McGloin Street P.O. Box 6000 Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG New Brunswick tenders are subject to the terms and conditions of Interprovincial  agreements relating to procurement. BUILDING CONSTRUCTION (Includes Site Construction) Tabitha Lee DSS, Central Tendering, Construction Marysville Place, Room 205 20 McGloin Street Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
39226.txt	Pedestrian Pallet Walker Stacker Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Pedestrian Pallet Walker Stacker W3555-125168/A GSIN - N3930EC Fleet Maintenance Facility Cape Breton (FMF-CB) located at CFB Esquimalt in Victoria, BC has a requirement for one (1) Pedestrial Pallet Walker Stacker as per Annex A of attached solicitation. This office of PWGSC serves the public in English. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Sole, Mike 401 - 1230 Government Street Victoria, B. C. POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37216.txt	Leopard Family of Vehicles-Special Tools and Test Equipment Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Leopard Family of Vehicles-Special Tools and Test Equipment W8476-123353/A Franzini, Laura Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Canada has a requirement for Special Tools and Test Equipment (STTE) to support the Leopard 2 Family of Vehicles (FOV). All kits and deliverables are detailed in Annex A, Appendix 1 and Annex A, Appendix 2. In order to be rendered compliant bidders must provide a price for both the firm quantity and ption quantitiy as outlined in Annex A, Appendix 1 and 2. Bidders can bid on any or all of the requirement. Delivery is requested as soon as possible to CFSD Montreal, Quebec. Drawings and specifications are not available. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Franzini, Laura 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier Place du Portage Phase III 6C1 Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31215.txt	Opportunity Description: This Tender is for a Professional Services Agreement for the consultation and facilitation regarding the Grade 8 Wetland Field Trip Program. The term of this agreement will be for a seasonal period of approximately 6 months. If the project is approved for further years, the City will have the option to extend the term, in its sole discretion, for one additional seasonal period.
29281.txt	Snow Clearing/Landscape Maintenance; CHG Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: There are no changes to the Notice of Proposed Procurement   THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS A SECURITY REQUIREMENT Requirement To provide Snow Removal and Landscape Maintenance services including all labour, material, equipment, supervision and transportation for Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC), located at Sir Leonard Tilley Building, 719 Heron Road; Insurance Building, 770 Heron Road; Radiation Protection Building, 775 Brookfield Road; and Satelite Parking Lot , 501 Heron Road, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The services must be provided in accordance with the PWGSC Grounds Maintenance Specifications attached at Annex A. Security Requirement 6.1 It is the responsibility of the bidder to verify and ensure with the Security Branch (CISD) as to whether their company and employees meet the security requirement as stipulated in Part 6, 6.2.1 and 6.2.2 6.2 Security Requirement - At the date of bid closing, the following conditions must be met. 6.2.1. The Contractor must, at all times during the performance f the Contract, hold a valid Facility Security Clearance at the level of SECRET, issued by the Canadian Industrial Security Directorate (CISD), Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC). 6.2.2. The Contractor personnel requiring access to CLASSIFIED sensitive work site(s) must EACH hold a valid personnel security screening at the level of SECRET, granted or approved by CISD/PWGSC. 6.2.3. Subcontracts which contain security requirements are NOT to be awarded without the prior written permission of CISD/PWGSC. 6.2.4. The Contractor must comply with the provisions of the: (a) Security Requirements Check List and security guide (if applicable), attached at Annex B (b) Industrial Security Manual (Latest Edition). 6.3 Mandatory Security Clearance 6.3.1. It is a mandatory that the security requirements specified at clause 6.2.1 be met by the Bidder at time of bid closing. If the security requirements are not met at bid closing, your proposal will be deemed non-responsive and no further consideration will be given. 6.3.2. It is a mandatory that the security requirements specified at 6.2.2 be met by the Bidder for all of the employees proposed for this contract at time of bid closing. If the security requirements are not met at bid closing, your proposal will be deemed non-responsive and no further consideration will be given. 6.3.3. It is a mandatory that the security clearance at 6.2.2 f the proposed employee(s) be owned by the Bidder. If the security clearance is not owned by the Bidder your proposal will be deemed non-responsive and no further consideration will be given. For additional information on security requirements, bidders should consult the "Security Requirements on PWGSC Bid Solicitation - Instructions for Bidders URL_TAG document on the Departmental Standard Procurement Documents Website. 6.3.4. It is a mandatory that the Bidder provide the information requested in the chart below at time of bid closing for only the proposed employees to provide services against any resulting Contract. If the information is not provided at bid closing, your proposal will be deemed non-responsive and no further consideration will be given.  Mandatory Site Visit MANDATORY ITEM: Due to the nature of this requirement and in order to gain access to the sites it is MANDATORY that all interested bidders, submit the Names (legal name) and birth dates of their representatives that will be attending the Mandatory Site Visit to the Contracting Authority (Lynn Grogan) no later than October 19, 2011. The company Representatives must have a Security Clearance of Secret in order to attend the Mandatory Site Visit. It is the responsibility of the Bidders to ensure that the Contracting Authority is in receipt of this information by the date shown. Bidders who fail to submit the required information by October 19, 2011 will be denied access to the sites. The site visit will be held on November 1, 2011 at 9:30 am, starting at Sir Leonard Tilley Building, 719 Heron Road, Main Entrance, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and will then continue on to the other sites. Bidders who, for any reason, cannot attend at the specified date and time will not be given an alternative appointment to view the site and their proposals, therefore, will be considered as non-responsive. NO EXCEPTIONS WILL BE MADE. It is MANDATORY that the bidder attend the site visit at the designated date and time to examine the scope of the work required and the existing conditions. A maximum of two (2) representatives per bidder will be permitted to examine the sites. As proof of attendance, at the site visit, the Contracting Authority will have an Attendance Form which MUST be signed by the bidder's representative. It is the responsibility of all bidders to ensure they have signed the Mandatory Site Visit Attendance Form prior to leaving the site. Proposals submitted by bidders who have not attended the site visit or failed to sign the Attendance Form will be deemed non-responsive Period of Contract The period of any resulting Contract shall be for a period of 10 months with four (4) options to extend the contract each for an additional consecutive twelve (12) month period. The estimated commencement date is November 1, 2011. Option to Extend Contract The Contractor hereby grants to Canada four (4) irrevocable ptions to extend the term of the Contract each for an ADDITIONAL CONSECUTIVE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD, under the same terms and conditions as contained in the Contract. It is to be noted that Canada is not obliged to exercise any of these four (4). The exercise of any option will be at Canada's sole discretion, by providing notification in writing through a formal Contract Amendment to the contractor prior to the contract expiry date. Evaluation Procedures Bids will be examined to determine their compliance with the following Mandatory Requirements: (1) Mandatory Site Visit attendance; Security Clearance of Secret, at bid closing, in accordance with Part 6, Security Requirements; (3) Submission of Firm Price/Rates in Canadian funds in accordance with Part 3, Section II: Financial Bid; (4) Full Time Supervisor's qualifications in accordance with Part 3, Section 1: Technical Bid; (5) Contractor's Experience & Past Performance in accordance with Part 3, Section 1: Technical Bid. BASIS OF SELECTION A bid must comply with all requirements of the bid solicitation to be declared responsive. The responsive bid with the lowest evaluated price will be recommended for award of a contract. Contract Financial Security 1. If the bid is accepted, the Bidder will be required to provide one of the following contract financial securities within 14 calendar days of contract award: (a) a performance bond (form PWGSC-TPSGC 505 attached) in the amount of 10 percent of the Pricing Schedule 1 and 2 contract price (one year);.dule 1 and 2 contract price (one year);;  NOTE: The above-mentioned bonds are also available electronically on the following Public Works and Government Services Canada Website address: URL_TAG and must be accepted as security by one of the insurance companies listed in Treasury Board Contracting Policy, Appendix L, Acceptable Bonding Companies URL_TAG ngpol l e.asp. (b) a security deposit (government guaranteed bonds, bills of exchange, irrevocable standby letters of credit) to the value f 10 percent of the Pricing Schedule 1 and 2 contract price (one year);. 2. Security deposits in the form of coupon bonds must be accompanied by all coupons that are unmatured at the time such bonds are delivered to Canada. Canada may, from time to time detach matured coupons and send them to the Bidder at the address noted on the bid, unless specified otherwise by the Contractor. Note to the bidder: The Contract Financial Security applies to each of the option years (if exercised). Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Grogan, Lynn 11 Laurier St./ 11, rue Laurier 3C2, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39220.txt	RISO - Johnson Control Parts Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Marlene Hall Supply Specialist Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG Email: EMAIL_TAG File No.: W0118-11X018 REQUEST FOR REGIONAL INDIVIDUAL STANDING OFFER RISO-JOHNSON CONTROL PARTS The Department of National Defence (DND), CFB Shilo, has a requirement for a Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) for the supply and delivery of new Johnson Control HVAC spare parts, if Identified User requests such goods during the period of the Standing Offer. The Johnson Control HVAC spare parts will be used to repair and upgrade existing Johnson Control Systems n-site at DND. The Standing Offer will be valid for a one year period, with the ption to extend for one (1) additional one (1) year period. FOB destination to the Department of National Defence, CFB Shilo, Shilo, Manitoba Complete specifications and details are included in attached Request for Standing Offer. The estimated value of the Regional Individual Standing Offer, including option year is $189,000.00 (CDN), including GST. This requirement is subject to the provisions of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the Canada/Peru Free Trade Agreement, the Canada/Columbia Free Trade Agreement, and the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT). Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Hall, Marlene PO Box 1408, Room 100 167 Lombard Ave. Winnipeg Manitoba POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35422.txt	Spare Parts for Leopard 2 A6M Fleet Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Spare Parts for Leopard 2 A6M W8486-120722/B Menard, Maria Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG This bid solicitation cancels and supersedes previous bid solicitation number W8486-120722/A dated 23 September 2011 with a closing of 07 November 2011 at 02:00 PM Line1, GSIN:N2510, NSN:2510123258077, RAIL CLAMP, Quantity:50, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:2300348-187320.000.0, NSCM:D1871 Line2, GSIN:N2590, NSN:2590121894313, PULLING ROD, Quantity:20, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:2300109-970110.007.0, NSCM:D1871 Line3, GSIN:N2590, NSN:2590121894312, PULL ROD, Quantity:15, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:2300109-970110.006.0, NSCM:D1871 Line4, GSIN:N2590, NSN:2590121894311, SPINDLE, Quantity:20, Unit f Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:2300109-970110.002.0, NSCM:D1871 Line5, GSIN:N2590, NSN:2590121894310, THREADED PIPE, Quantity:20, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:2300109-970111.000.0, NSCM:D1871 Line6, GSIN:N2540, RETRACTOR,SAFETY BELT, NSN: P2540-20-A0F2216, Quantity:50, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:AFG075997-07, NSCM:D1131 Line7, GSIN:N2590, CONTROL ASSEMBLY,PUSH/PULL, NSN: P2590-20-A0F2215, Quantity:50, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:AFG075489-11, NSCM:D1191 Line8, GSIN:N2540, NSN:2540121777702, MIRROR HEAD,VEHICULAR, Quantity:30, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:2300109186330.000.0, NSCM:D1871 Line9, GSIN:N2540, NSN:2540121785651, GUARD,SPLASH,VEHICULAR, Quantity:30, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:2300109.187050.000.0, NSCM:C8189 Line10, GSIN:N2510, NSN:2510123530863, FENDER,VEHICULAR, Quantity:10, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:2300436-187250.001.0, NSCM:D1871 Line11, GSIN:N2510, NSN:2510123682379, DEFLECTOR, Quantity:10, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:2300436-187202.000.0, NSCM:D1871 Line12, GSIN:N2590, CONTROL ASSEMBLY,PUSH-PULL, NSN: P2590-20-A0F2206, Quantity:50, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number: AFG075489-28, NSCM: D1131 For all items delivery is required by April 2, 2012; Bidders are to specify their proposed delivery date in the line item detail offered column. Canada retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Menard, Maria 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier Place du Portage Phase III 6C1 Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35463.txt	Material Supply Contract – Traffic Control Devices * French summary below * Résumé en français ci-dessous RFP Title OSS 00263143 - Highway 401 at Boundary Road Interchange & Various Other Locations MTO Number MTO Contract 2011-4064 Scope of Work The Ontario Shared Services (OSS), Strategic Procurement Branch (SPB) is issuing this Request for Tender (RFT), on behalf of the Ministry of Transportation (MTO), Ontario, Eastern Region Traffic Section.  Tender for: Material Supply Contract - Traffic Control Devices  Location: Highway 401 at Boundary Road Interchange & Various Other Locations Tender Closing Date: December 21st, 2011 This is a Qualified Contract, open to all bidders in accordance with the Ministry's Qualification Procedures for Contractors.  NECESSARY AVAILABLE FINANCIAL RATING IS $500,000 IN (E)  NECESSARY AVAILABLE MAXIMUM WORKLOAD RATING IS $499,000  SCOPE OF WORK  The following is a list of major items and the approximate tender quantities:  1. Electrical Handholes 11 (each)  2. Flexible Ducts 555 (m) 3. Rigid Ducts 95 (m) 4. Sectional Steel Poles, Base Mounted 14 (each) 5. Heavy Class Steel Poles, Base Mounted 1 (each) 6. Traffic Signal Controllers 6 (each)  Issue Date YYYY/MM/DD 2011/11/30 Bidder / Proponent Mandatory Information Session Required (procurement process only): No Site Meeting Mandatory No Bid Security Required No Bidder's / Proponent's Deadline for Questions  YYYY/MM/DD 2011/12/14 at 4:00 p.m.  Deadline for Issuing Addenda  YYYY/MM/DD 2011/12/16 at 5:00 p.m. Tender / Proposal Submission Deadline YYYY/MM/DD 2011/12/21 at 11:30 a.m.  Additional Information  *The Solicitation timetable is tentative only and may be changed by the Ministry in its sole discretion at any time prior to the Proposal/Tender Submission Deadline.  Résumé en français Titre de la demande de x OSS 00263143 - Highway 401 at Boundary Road Interchange & Various Other Locations MTO Number MTO Contract 2011-4064 Portée des travaux Services communs de l'Ontario (Direction des politiques globales d'approvisionnement) publie le présent appel d'offres au nom du ministère des Transports de l'Ontario (Section de la circulation routière, région de l'Est).  Appel d'offres : Contrat de fourniture de matériaux (dispositifs de régulation de la circulation)  Lieux : Autoroute 401 (au croisement de l'échangeur Boundary Road) et plusieurs autres endroits Date de clôture du concours : 21 décembre 2011 Il s'agit d'un contrat adjugé par mode de présélection. Le concours est donc ouvert à tous les soumissionnaires, conformément aux règles fixées par le ministère des Transports pour la présélection des entrepreneurs.  LA NOTATION FINANCIÈRE REQUISE EST DE 750 000 $ POUR TRAVAUX DE TYPE « E » (GENERAL ROAD). LA NOTATION POUR CHARGE DE TRAVAIL MAXIMALE REQUISE EST DE 500 000 $.  ÉTENDUE DES TRAVAUX  Voici les principaux articles et les données s'y rapportant :  1. Boîtes de raccordement de câbles électriques 11 unités 2. Gaines flexibles 555 m 3. Gaines rigides 95 m 4. Poteaux en acier modulaires, montés sur base 14 unités 5. Poteaux en acier (série lourde), montés sur base 1 unités 6. Régulateurs de signalisation 6 unités  Date de lancement AAAA/MM/JJ 2011/11/30 Séance d'information obligatoire pour les soumissionnaires/proposants (processus d'approvisionnement seulement) No Rencontre sur le chantier obligatoire No Garantie de soumission requise No Date limite pour les questions des soumissionnaires/proposants AAAA/MM/JJ 2011/12/14 at 4:00 p.m.  Date limite pour les addenda  AAAA/MM/JJ 2011/12/16 at 5:00 p.m. Date limite pour les soumissions/propositions AAAA/MM/JJ 2011/12/21 at 11:30 a.m.  Renseignements supplémentaires  * Le calendrier des demandes de soumissions est provisoire et peut être modifié par le ministère, à sa discrétion exclusive, à tout moment avant la date limite pour les soumissions/propositions. 
37348.txt	Medium Voltage Motor Control Centre-Musquash Pumping Station - N City of Saint John P.O. Box 1971 SAINT JOHN New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Tender details and addenda may be obtained from the City of Saint John's website  at: URL_TAGnents are strongly advised to register as a bidder by emailing contact information to: EMAIL_TAG . This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. OTHER CONSTRUCTION SERVICES Chris Roberts City of Saint John P.O. Box 1971 SAINT JOHN New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
28471.txt	Janitorial Services - Brighton Compound & Support Detachment, Charlottetown, P.E.I. Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: W0105-12E042/A Donovan, Janine PWB Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Janitorial Services - Brighton Compound & Support Detachment, Charlottetown, P.E.I. Department of National Defence (DND) has a requirement for the furnishing of all labour, supervision and equipment required to provide janitorial services for routine cleaning at the Brighton Compound and the Support Detachment located in Charlottetown, P.E.I.. All work is to be completed in accordance with the Specification Number L-C135-9900/30 forming part of the bid document. The Service Contract is from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013, with options to renew for two additional one year periods. The estimated cost (based on the Contract plus the two option years) for this opportunity is within the following cost category: $100,000 to $250,000 (HST extra). Bid security is not a requirement for this tender. Enquiries: All inquiries are to be submitted in writing to the contractual Authority: Janine Donovan, telephone - PHONENUMBER_TAG, facsimile - (506) PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG Enquiries are to be made in accordance with the Bid Solicitation Document, Part 2- Bidder's Instructions, Article 3. Enquiries - Bid Solicitation. Firms intending to submit tenders on this project should obtain tender documents through the MERX services provider. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the MERX provider. Firms that elect to base their bids on tender documents obtained from ther sources do so at their own risk and will be solely responsible to inform the tender calling authority of their intention to bid. Standard terms and conditions for this procurement are incorporated by reference, and form part of the tender and contract documents. The standard documents are issued by Public Works and Government Services and may be viewed on the MERX electronic bulletin board as part of the information module. Firms intending to submit tenders on this project should obtain tender documents through the MERX service provider. This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Donovan, Janine PWB 189 Prince William Street Room 421 Saint John New Bruns POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37203.txt	Rotary Mower, Cold Lake, Alberta Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Rotary Mower, Cold Lake, Alberta Department of National Defence, Cold Lake, Alberta has a requirement for the supply, delivery and offloading of one (1) Rotary Mower meeting the Minimum Performance Specifications. The Mower will be used to cut grass on the aerodrome. The Mower will be towed by a Massey Ferguson tractor. Delivery is mandatory to be no later than March 31, 2012. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Tikhonovitch, Alex Telus Plaza North/Plaza Telus Nord 10025 Jasper Ave./10025 ave Jasper 5th floor/5e étage Edmonton Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31228.txt	Opportunity Description: In April 2011 an organizational structure change was made within the AEMA resulting in the DRP moving to a new division, Provincial Operations. During the course of preparing the proposal and the course of completing the project requirements, the successful vendor should include the fact that the DRP is integrating into the Provincial Operations structure and include recommendations for a successful long-term integration based on available Provincial Operations resources.  Proponents are advised to pay careful attention to the wording used throughout this RFP. Failure to satisfy any term, condition or mandatory requirement of this RFP may result in rejection of the Proposal 
31182.txt	Arctic Modular Housing Requirements for the RCMP - Rankin Inlet, Nunavut Work under this contract will involve, but is not limited to the following for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP): Supply of all labour, material, tools, equipment, transportation, and supervision necessary to complete the construction of Modular Housing along with the site preparation, delivery and Installation to Rankin Inlet, NU as outlined in accordance with the Requirement as detailed in Annex A, the Specifications as detailed in Annex B, and the Drawings as detailed in Annex C. The Contractor and their staff MUST be security cleared by the RCMP prior to the Contract being awarded.  The Contractor may be required to provide Contract Financial Security before award. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. 
29166.txt	Gift Cards To supply a range of gift card options to participants who complete the Ontario Health Study (OHS) online questionnaire and those who attend the OHS Assessment Centre. 
28795.txt	Energy Dispersive X-Ray Fluorescence (EDXRF) Spectrometer Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: "Energy Dispersive X-Ray Fluorescence (EDXRF) Spectrometer" System Environment Canada, Emergencies Science and Technology Section, has a requirement for the supply of a "Energy Dispersive X-Ray Fluorescence (EDXRF) Spectrometer" System for versatile, high-speed quantitative and qualitative analysis of Sodium (Na) through Uranium (U) from % to ppm levels in solid and liquid substances of any shape, size or composition, fully configurable for air, vacuum or helium chamber options. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Martin, Doug 11 Laurier St./ 11 rue, Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39129.txt	Perform annual inspections, provide certification and repairs for lifting devices Description: perform annual inspections, provide certification and repairs for lifting devices Quotations are invited for the supply and delivery of all labour, materials and equipment necessary to perform annual inspections, provide certification and repairs for lifting devices owned and operated by Toronto Fleet Services, Toronto Fire Services and Toronto Emergency Medical Services, all in compliance with the Standard for Maintenance and Inspection of overhead Cranes, Gantry Cranes, Monorails, Hoists and Trolleys CSA-B167-96, from the date of award of contract to December 31, 2012 with an option to renew, for an additional four (4) separate one year periods subject to satisfactory performance review and budget availability all in accordance with the attached Price Schedules, Scope of Work, General Requirements, the City of Toronto's Purchasing Policies, as noted, the Response Requirements, the City of Toronto Fair Wage Policy and Labour Trades Contractual Obligations in the Construction Issue date: December 23, 2011 Closing date: January 13, 2012 at 12:00 Noon Notes: Viewing Copy 6714-11-3258 Viewing Copy.pdf (478 Kbytes) - Posted on 12/23/2011 11:30:59 AM The addenda and/or other files listed above are included with the Call Document purchase price but must be downloaded as separate documents. To view the document, click on its filename. To save it to your workstation, right-click on the document's filename, then select "Save Target As..." (or "Save Link As...").Get Acrobat Buyer: Greg Kapel Phone number: 416-338-5588 Email: EMAIL_TAG Location: City Hall, 17th Floor West Tower Client Division: Fleet Services   Non-refundable document fee:  $50.00 + 6.50 HST = $56.50  Security deposit:  No Scope of work: Quotations are invited for the supply and delivery of all labour, materials and equipment necessary to perform annual inspections, provide certification and repairs for lifting devices owned and operated by Toronto Fleet Services, Toronto Fire Services and Toronto Emergency Medical Services, all in compliance with the Standard for Maintenance and Inspection of overhead Cranes, Gantry Cranes, Monorails, Hoists and Trolleys CSA-B167-96 Award: It is the intent of the City to award a Contract or Purchase Order to one (1) or more Bidder(s) based on the Bidder(s) meeting the response requirements, specification and providing the lowest grand total cost for each individual Price Table. Pricing: In order for your Bid to be considered, the Bidder must provide pricing on all items listed in each individual Price Table that they are bidding on, including the additional requirements, additional quantities and options pricing if applicable. Failure to provide pricing on all items listed in each individual Price Table that they are bidding on, including the additional requirements, additional quantities and options pricing will result in the bid being declared noncompliant. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS Bidders are required to submit with their quotation documents a certified cheque or Letter of Credit, made payable to City of Toronto, Treasurer, in the amount of $5,000 (five thousand dollars) to act as the Bid/Performance Security. Please visit URL_TAG for additional information.  MERX asks that you contact the buying agency directly to obtain associated documents.  The contact information can be found within  the notice abstract. 
39283.txt	Spare Parts Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Spare Parts W8486-121898/A Dicaire, Sylvie Telephone No. PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. PHONENUMBER_TAG The Department of National Defence has a requirement for spare part, to be delivered to CFSD Montreal and CFSD Edmonton by March 30, 2012. Item 1 NSN: 4010219124357 LINK, CHAIN,LAP Quantity: 30, Unit of Issue: Each, Part Number: 121-344, NSCM: 94223 Item 2 NSN: 2590219123253 BRACKET, VEHICULAR COMPONENTS Quantity: 10, Unit of Issue: Each, Part Number: 24-0963, NSCM:38832 Item 3 NSN: 4010219124357 LINK, CHAIN, LAP Quantity: 50, Unit of Issue: Each, Part Number: 121-344, NSCM: 94223 Item 4 NSN: 2910200001582 PUMP, FUEL, METERING AND DISTRIBUTING Quantity: 10, Unit of Issue: Each, Part Number: 25-1963-46-000, NSCM: 1C645 Item 5 NSN: 2990123574265 HEATER, COOLANT, ENGINE Quantity: 40, Unit of Issue: Each, Part Number: 252227050000, NSCM: D8435 Item 6 NSN: 2990123574265 HEATER, COOLANT, ENGINE Quantity: 20, Unit of Issue: Each, Part Number: 252227050000, NSCM: D8435 Item 7 NSN: 2920014748424 GLOW PLUG Quantity: 20, Unit of Issue: Each, Part Number: 251997990101, NSCM: 1J955 Item 8 NSN:2920014748424 GLOW PLUG Quantity: 25, Unit of Issue: Each, Part Number: 251997990101, NSCM: 1J955 Item 9 NSN: 2920014748416 STATOR ASSEMBLY, IGNITION Quantity: 5, Unit of Issue: Each, Part Number: 3HA452, NSCM: 45152 Item 10 NSN: 2990014747106 SENSOR,EXHAUST GAS,OXYGEN,EMISSION CONTROL Quantity: 30, Unit of Issue: Each, Part Number: 251997994100, NSCM: 1J955 Item 11 NSN: 4730013385070 ADAPTER, STRAIGHT,PIPE TO HOSE Quantity: 30, Unit of Issue: Each, Part Number:PHONENUMBER_TAG7, NSCM: 79470 Item 12, NSN: 3110006768703 BEARING, BALL, ANNULAR Quantity: 200, Unit of Issue: Each, Part Number: 2557903, NSCM: 3B150 Debriefings After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of notification that their bid was unsuccessful. The debriefing may be provided in writing, by telephone or in person. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Dicaire, Sylvie 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39169.txt	Air Filters Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Air Filters W0105-12V002/A Requesting a Standing Offer for the supply and delivery of various Air Filters on behalf of the Department of National Defence at CFB Gagetown located in Oromocto, New Brunswick. The Air filters are to be delivered to various locations in CFB Gagetown on an "as and when requested" basis from the period 1 April 2012 to 31 March 2014. This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Martin, Lisa M. 1045 Main Street 1st Floor, Lobby C Unit 108 Moncton, NB POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29106.txt	MANUFACTURE, STORAGE, AND DELIVERY OF DYE CONCENTRATE RFT Abstract for OSS 00238787  RFT Title THE MANUFACTURE, STORAGE, AND DELIVERY  OF DYE CONCENTRATE  Scope of Work Vendors are invited to submit a Proposal to provide the services as detailed in RFT# 00238787. The Ministry of Revenue intends to select one (1) qualified and experienced Service Provider to manufacture, store, supply and deliver Dye Concentrate for the Ministry's need during the period December 01, 2011 to November 30, 2013 (a two year estimate of approximately 119,700 kilograms).  Issue Date YYYY/MM/DD  2011/10/20 Bidder / Proponent Mandatory Information Session Required (procurement process only): No  Bidder/Proponent Information Session  YYYY/MM/DD N/A Site Meeting Mandatory No Site Meeting Date (If applicable) YYYY/MM/DD N/A Bid Security Required No Bidder's / Proponent's Deadline for Questions  2011/10/27 at 11:00 a.m.  Deadline for Issuing Addenda  2011/10/31 at 11:00 a.m  Tender / Proposal Submission Deadline 2011/11/21 at 11:00:00 a.m. Local (Toronto) Time  Titre de la demande FABRICATION, STOCKAGE ET LIVRAISON DE COLORANT CONCENTRÉ  Étendue des travaux Les fournisseurs sont invités à soumettre une proposition pour fournir les services décrits dans la demande 00238787. Le ministère du Revenu a l'intention de choisir un (1) fournisseur de service compétent et expérimenté pour fabriquer, stocker et livrer le colorant concentré pour les besoins du ministère pour la période du 1er décembre 2011 au 30 novembre 2013 (une estimation sur deux ans d'environ 119 700 kilogrammes).  Date de lancement AAAA/MM/JJ  2011/10/20 Séance d'information obligatoire pour les soumissionnaires/proposants (processus d'approvisionnement seulement)  Non Séance d'information pour les soumissionnaires/proposants AAAA/MM/JJ S. O. Rencontre sur le chantier obligatoire  Non Date de rencontre sur le chantier (s'il y a lieu) S. O. Garantie de soumission requise Non Date limite pour les questions des soumissionnaires/proposants 2011/10/27 à 11 heures Date limite pour les addenda  2011/10/31 à 11 heures Date limite pour les soumissions/propositions 2011/11/21 à 11 heures (heure de Toronto) 
39246.txt	Opportunity Description: CHC seeks the services of a qualified Contractor to perform window replacements at the CHC highrise location known as Bridgeland Place.   A MANDATORY pre-tender site meeting is scheduled for:   Day / Date: January 4, 2012  Time: 11:00 AM – Sharp (late attendees will be turned away)  Address: 736 McDougall Court N.E.   Any Tenderer not in attendance at the MANDATORY pre-tender site meeting will have their Tender documentation returned to them, unopened. This MANDATORY pre-tender site meeting is for the benefit of the Tenderer and is the only time in which clarifications will be provided, unless CHC deems it necessary to issue an Addendum to this Tender. All matters discussed in the MANDATORY pre-tender site meeting, could form part of the contract. NOTE: THIS WILL BE THE ONLY OPPORTUNITY FOR THE TENDERER TO VISIT THE WORKSITE. TENDERERS ARE NOT ALLOWED ON ANY OF THE CHC PROPERTIES WITHOUT SPECIFIC PERMISSION FROM CHC. 
35486.txt	Supply & Delivery of Turf Fertilizer Supply & Delivery of Turf Fertilizer. The purpose of this quotation is to obtain bids for the Supply and Delivery of Turf Fertilizer in accordance with the attached Specifications #335-30-01, #335-30-02, #335-30-03 and #335-30-04. 1.  Register with the City of London as a bidder/plan taker at: URL_TAG The City of London stipulates that potential bidders are required to register with the city as a bidder/plan taker. If you do not register, you will not be notified of any addendums or updates to the opportunity. Please refer to the City of London purchasing web site for more information. 2. All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments at: URL_TAG 
39218.txt	OSRFS Upright Bikes You are invited to submit a detailed proposal to provide Upright Bikes for a Strathcona County wellness facility, which is currently undergoing an expansion renovation. URL_TAG 
31471.txt	NOTICE: ROAD USER SAFETY MODERNIZATION PROJECT  Post on MERX – November 1, 2011 - Notice #3  Reference No. OSS 00244230 – ROAD USER SAFETY MODERNIZATION PROJECT  Purpose The purpose of this Notice is to provide vendors information on Road User Safety Modernization Project (RUSMP) procurement activities that the Ontario Ministry of Transportation is planning over the next few months; and also to advise vendors of the updated RUSMP Draft requirements referenced by this Notice. Background The Ontario Ministry of Transportation (the "Ministry") is rebuilding one of the largest licensing and registration systems in North America into a state-of-the-art Information Technology (IT) solution. Future procurement activities that the Ministry is contemplating to undertake include: - MERX posting of a draft Request for Qualification (RFQ), to qualify a list of proponents for future Request for Proposals for the delivery of RUSMP, to be posted mid-November 2011;  - A Vendor Day Overview Session planned for November 16, 2011; at this session the Ministry will present a walkthrough of the procurement phases/process, mandated technology, and vendor qualification approach. Information provided at this session will be posted on MERX to be fair to vendors who could not attend this session; - Vendor One-on-One Meetings planned to occur between November 28 and December 1, 2011; - MERX posting of a draft Invitational Request for Proposal (IRFP), to implement Carrier Modernization initiatives, to be posted mid December 2011; - MERX posting of a final RFQ, to be posted December 2011;  - Final IRFP to qualified vendors, targeted for early/mid 2012. The Ministry is currently preparing documents for the procurement of a Modernized Carrier Solution. The Carrier Solution will include Carrier Registration, Carrier Performance Monitoring (controls and sanctions), Licensing of Motor Vehicle Inspection Stations and conducting of Facility Audits. Road User Safety Modernization Project Requirements Subsequent to the Road User Safety Modernization Project (RUSMP) Requirements that were posted on MERX on August 11, 2011 the draft requirements accompanying this notice include: 1. Any updates to the draft requirements for the Carrier Solutions procurement that were posted on MERX August 11, 2011; 2. New draft requirements for a Carrier Performance Monitoring (control and sanctions) Service; 3. Clarification of which Enterprise Services will be built as part of the Carrier Solution, versus those that will be integrated; 4. Addition of Client Management One Client One Record (1C1R) requirements; and  5. Information Products and Services (IPS) requirements. In the coming months there will be posting of draft requirements for Licensing of Motor Vehicle Inspection Stations and Conducting Facility Audits. Procurement Strategy Further to the posting of RFP OSS-078751, the contract for delivery of Program and Project Management Services (PPM) was awarded to the successful proponent. The results of the market assessment and Carrier Solution requirements created by that vendor have been published on MERX to ensure all vendors have that information. The remainder of the Driver, Vehicle and Enterprise Services requirements are being finalized by the Ministry and will be published on MERX in due course. At the time the PPM RFP was issued, the Ministry's initial intent was to issue a contract to a single Systems Integrator for the delivery of the entire RUSMP solution. The services required of the successful PPM vendor were scoped with that intent. The future involvement of the successful vendor in RUSMP procurement processes were restricted as a result of the intended role of the successful PPM vendor within the model of a single Systems Integrator and therefore the potential for a conflict of interest. Given that the procurement strategy has changed, the role of the PPM vendor in the context of a single Systems Integrator, and therefore the PPM contract, are no longer required as previously envisioned. Future RUSMP procurement processes will be open again to vendors in the usual course and it is the responsibility of all vendors to independently assess any situation which may restrict them from participating in a procurement process.  Objectives of the Carrier Registration and Performance Monitoring System procurement  - To design, develop and implement a Carrier Solution that will meet current and future carrier needs, is expandable/extensible to include other business lines in the future and will provide the foundation for the client centric (1C1R) approach; - Vendors qualified in accordance with the Request for Qualification process to be issued by the Ministry, as noted under background above, will receive the IRFP for Carrier Solution; - The successful Proponent will be accountable to complete the requirements, design and build (full software development lifecycle (SDLC) management) for the specified requirements in the RFP; - A design authority, comprised of industry experts will be engaged to conduct Third Party reviews;  - Clear performance criteria will be set to provide clarity on what needs to be done to meet performance requirements; - The Ministry will comply with all Management Board of Cabinet Procurement Directives, Policies and Guidelines, to ensure an open, fair and competitive process.  Mandated Technology Components The Ministry is undertaking a technology evaluation to determine the software components that will be included in any solution for RUSMP. As part of this evaluation, the Ministry has followed standards and rules specified within the Ontario Public Service (OPS) for the evaluation and selection of technology toolsets to support the Carrier Solution. Through this evaluation, the Ministry has identified that the Carrier Solution will require a Case Management toolset.  The Ministry will be mandating Oracle-Siebel to be used as the core technology component of the Carrier Solution. The Ministry is considering integration with other technology solutions such as Oracle Policy Automation (OPA), E-Business suite, Adobe Lifecycle Forms and OpenText. The Ministry is continuing its technology evaluation and will be posting more information in the next few months.  Feedback from Vendors to the Ministry Vendors are asked to submit their feedback by November 23, 2011 with regard to the RUSMP draft requirements associated with this notice. Notes The onus is on the vendors to download the latest draft requirements from MERX. The information provided in this Notice is only a reflection of the Ministry's intention at this point and is being provided as a courtesy only. The information in this Notice is subject to change at the sole and absolute discretion of the Ministry and such changes may be substantial. This Notice does not obligate the Ministry to issue any procurement document.  All inquiries or feedback on these draft requirements must be submitted by November 23, 2011 as follows: Before November 9, 2011: Ministry Contact: Shivani Khanderia, Senior Procurement Consultant;, Email: EMAIL_TAG After Nov. 9, 2011: Ministry Contact: Keith Strachan, Procurement Advisor; Email: EMAIL_TAG    Affichage sur MERX – Le 1 novembre 2011 Avis No 3 No de référence OSS 00244230 – PROJET DE MODERNISATION DES ACTIVITÉS DE SÉCURITÉ DES USAGERS DE LA ROUTE  Objectif Le présent Avis a pour objectif de fournir de l'information sur les fournisseurs pour les activités d'approvisionnement du Projet de modernisation des activités de sécurité des usagers de la route que le ministère des Transports de l'Ontario envisage au cours des prochains mois, et d'informer les fournisseurs sur exigences préliminaires du Projet de modernisation des activités de sécurité des usagers de la route auxquelles le présent Avis fait référence.  Contexte Le ministère des Transports de l'Ontario (« le Ministère ») procède à la réorganisation de l'un des plus grands systèmes d'immatriculation et d'enregistrement en Amérique du Nord en une solution de technologie de l'information de pointe.  Les futures activités d'approvisionnement que le Ministère envisage d'entreprendre comprennent notamment : - L'affichage sur MERX d'une demande de qualification (DDQ) préliminaire pour établir une liste de promoteurs qualifiés pour de futures demandes de propositions en vue de la prestation du Projet de modernisation des activités de sécurité des usagers de la route, prévu pour mi-novembre 2011;  - Une séance de survol de la Journée des fournisseurs prévue pour le 16 novembre 2011. Le Ministère présentera au cours de cette séance une revue générale des phases et de la procédure d'approvisionnement, de la technologie autorisée et de l'approche en matière de qualification des fournisseurs. Les renseignements fournis lors de cette séance seront affichés sur MERX afin d'assurer une équité envers les fournisseurs qui n'auraient pas pu assister à cette séance; - Des rencontres individuelles avec les fournisseurs prévues entre le 28 novembre et le 1er décembre 2011; - L'affichage sur MERX d'une demande préliminaire de propositions sur invitation, pour la mise en œuvre des initiatives de modernisation des transporteurs, prévu pour décembre 2011; - L'affichage sur MERX d'une demande de propositions finale, prévu pour décembre 2011;  - Une demande préliminaire de propositions sur invitation à l'intention des fournisseurs qualifiés, prévue pour le début/mi-année 2012. À l'heure actuelle, le Ministère prépare les documents pour une solution technologique de modernisation des transporteurs. La solution technologique pour les transporteurs comprendra l'enregistrement des transporteurs, la surveillance du rendement des transporteurs (contrôle et sanctions), l'octroi de licences aux postes d'inspection des véhicules motorisés et l'exécution des vérifications des installations. Exigences du Projet de modernisation des activités de sécurité des usagers de la route  Après les exigences du Projet de modernisation des activités de sécurité des usagers de la route qui ont été affichées sur MERX le 11 août 2011, les exigences préliminaires qui accompagnent le présent Avis, comprennent notamment : 6. Toutes les mises à jour aux exigences préliminaires pour l'approvisionnement de la solution technologique pour les transporteurs qui ont été affichées sur MERX le 11 août 2011; 7. Les nouvelles exigences préliminaires pour la mise en place d'un service de surveillance du rendement des transporteurs (contrôle et sanctions); 8. Une clarification concernant les services aux entreprises à mettre en place dans le cadre de la solution technologique pour les transporteurs par rapport à ceux qui seront intégrés; 9. L'ajout des exigences de gestion des clients selon la méthode « un client un dossier »;  10. Les exigences relatives aux produits et services d'information. Les exigences préliminaires relatives aux postes d'inspection des véhicules motorisés et à l'exécution des vérifications des installations seront affichées au cours des prochains mois. Stratégie d'approvisionnement  À la suite de l'affichage de la DDP OSS-078751, le contrat pour la prestation des services de gestion de programmes et de projets (GPP) a été octroyé au promoteur retenu. Les résultats de l'évaluation du marché et des exigences de la solution pour les transporteurs élaborées par le fournisseur ont été affichés sur MERX pour s'assurer que tous les fournisseurs ont accès à cette information. Le Ministère procède actuellement à la finalisation des autres exigences relatives aux services pour les conducteurs, les véhicules et les entreprises. Ces exigences seront affichées sur MERX en temps opportun.  Au moment de la publication de la demande de propositions pour la gestion des programmes et des projets, l'intention du Ministère était d'octroyer un contrat à un seul intégrateur de systèmes pour la prestation du Projet de modernisation des activités de sécurité des usagers de la route tout entier. La portée des services exigés du fournisseur retenu pour les services de gestion de programmes et de projets a été définie en tenant compte de cette intention. La future participation du fournisseur retenu dans les processus d'approvisionnement du Projet de modernisation des activités de sécurité des usagers de la route a été limitée en raison de ce rôle envisagé du fournisseur retenu pour les services de gestion de programmes et de projets dans le modèle d'un seul intégrateur de systèmes, ce qui permet de limiter, en conséquence, la possibilité d'un conflit d'intérêt. Étant donné que la stratégie d'approvisionnement a changé, le rôle du fournisseur de services de gestion de programmes et de projets dans le contexte d'un seul intégrateur de systèmes et, par conséquent, le contrat de gestion de programmes et de projets ne sont plus requis comme cela avait été envisagé au auparavant. Les futurs processus d'approvisionnement du Projet de modernisation des activités de sécurité des usagers de la route seront de nouveau ouverts aux fournisseurs comme d'habitude, et il incombe à ces derniers d'effectuer une évaluation indépendante de toute situation qui pourrait restreindre leur participation au processus d'approvisionnement.  Objectifs de l'approvisionnement du système d'enregistrement et de surveillance de rendement des transporteurs  - Concevoir, élaborer et mettre en œuvre une solution technologique pour les transporteurs qui répond aux besoins actuels et futurs des transporteurs, qui est ouverte/extensible pour inclure d'autres secteurs d'activité dans l'avenir et qui servira de base pour une approche axée sur la clientèle (selon la méthode « un client un dossier ») - Les fournisseurs qualifiés conformément au processus de demande de qualification qui sera émise par le Ministère, tel qu'il est indiqué dans la section « Contexte » ci-dessus, recevront la demande de propositions sur invitation relative à la solution technologique pour les transporteurs; - Le promoteur retenu sera responsable de l'exécution des exigences, de la conception et la construction (gestion complète du cycle de vie du développement logiciel (SDLC)) pour les exigences spécifiées dans la demande de propositions; - Un responsable de la conception, composé d'experts de l'industrie, sera engagé pour effectuer des examens par une partie tierce;  - Des critères de rendement clairs seront établis pour préciser ce qui doit être fait pour satisfaire aux exigences de rendement; - Le Ministère se conformera à toutes les directives, politiques et lignes de conduite du Conseil de gestion du gouvernement en matière d'approvisionnement afin de garantir un processus ouvert, équitable et concurrentiel.  Composantes technologiques autorisées Le Ministère effectue une évaluation technologique afin de déterminer les composantes logicielles qui seront incluses dans toute solution technologique pour le Projet de modernisation des activités de sécurité des usagers de la route. Dans le cadre de cette évaluation, le Ministère a suivi les normes et les règles précisées au sein de la fonction publique de l'Ontario (FPO) pour l'évaluation et la sélection de l'ensemble des outils technologiques pour appuyer la solution pour les transporteurs.  Le Ministère a établi, grâce à cette évaluation, que la solution technologique pour les transporteurs exigera la mise en place d'un ensemble d'outils de gestion de cas.  Le Ministère autorisera l'utilisation d'Oracle-Siebel comme composante technologique principale de la solution pour technologique les transporteurs. Le Ministère envisage l'intégration avec d'autres solutions technologiques telles que Oracle Policy Automation (OPA), la suite E-Business, les formulaires Adobe Lifecycle et OpenText. Le Ministère continue son évaluation technologique et publiera plus d'information au cours des prochains mois.  Rétroaction des fournisseurs au Ministère  Les fournisseurs sont sollicités de soumettre d'ici le 23 novembre 2011 leur rétroaction par rapport aux exigences préliminaires liées au présent Avis.  Remarques Il incombe aux fournisseurs de télécharger les dernières exigences préliminaires à partir du système MERX. Les renseignements fournis dans le présent Avis reflètent seulement l'intension du Ministère à ce stade et sont fournis à titre de courtoisie seulement. Ces renseignements sont sujets à changement à la seule et entière discrétion du Ministère, et les changements apportés pourraient être substantiels. Le présent Avis n'oblige aucunement le Ministère à publier des documents de d'approvisionnement.  Toute demande de renseignements ou rétroaction concernant ces exigences préliminaires doit être présentée d'ici le 23 novembre 2011 comme suit : Avant le 9 novembre 2011 : Personne-ressource du Ministère : Shivani Khanderia, Consultante principale en approvisionnement, Courriel : EMAIL_TAG Après le 9 novembre 2011 : Personne-ressource du Ministère : Keith Strachan, Conseiller en approvisionnement; Courriel : EMAIL_TAG  
29289.txt	NBDOT Water Distribution System - WELL UPGRADE - NB Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Addendum #1 Please note - 1: Summary Tender Information: first sentence should read: "The Department of Supply and Services through its Central Purchasing Branch will coordinate the tendering process for NBDOT Well Upgrade, Village of Harvey, NB on  behalf f the Department of Transportation." 2: Item IV. TENDER SUBMITION: should read: TENDER SUBMISSION Please note that attachments have been added to this tender. All other information remains the same.  The successful vendor is to submit a completed copy of required documentation as  described in these specifications to DOT within four (4) working days after award or as directed otherwise. Please submit a work schedule showing the time and order of proposed construction. Any questions regarding this Invitation to Tender are to be directed, in writing,  to the attention of DENISE CHESSIE. Please reference the tender number & closing date to  ensure a prompt, accurate reply. NOTE: In order to speed up requests, inquiries submitted  by fax are acceptable Fax Number: PHONENUMBER_TAG. The use of Email is NOT acceptable.  Responses to questions will be issued via a tender Amendment. This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. RETURN TO: CENTRAL TENDERING BRANCH P.O. Box 8000  Fredericton, N.B.  POSTALCODE_TAG  Marysville Place Room Number 205, 20 McGloin Street Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Public opening of bids will take place on closing day at 14:00 Atlantic Time, in  Marysville Place, Room 205, 20 McGloin Street, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG. All bids must be stated in Canadian Funds. All tenders must be F.O.B. destination, freight prepaid. Sales taxes should not be included in the unit, extended or total prices. This Invitation is being conducted under the provisions of the Public Purchasing  Act and Regulation as of the date of the issuance of the Invitation. Bidders may  btain a copy of the Act and Regulation from The Queen's Printer, Province of  N.B., P.O. Box 6000, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG The Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms & Conditions for Goods and Services apply  to this procurement and are considered to be incorporated into this document. By  submitting a bid, you agree and accept these terms and conditions. Current "Atlantic  Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions" are available on the New Brunswick  Opportunities Network, the Council of Atlantic Premiers' Website or from an authorized  service provider. Direct Deposit The province of New Brunswick is now using Direct Deposit as the standard method  f government payments. Suppliers are required to provide bank account information  (and email address if available) for remittance. Please send the completed Direct  Deposit Form to the New Brunswick Internal Services Agency as indicated on the form. A bidder must obtain official bid documents from a distribution service, authorized  by the Minister of Supply and Services, in order to submit a bid. The current  authorized distribution services are the New Brunswick Opportunities Network  (NBON) (operated by the Department of Supply and Services, Province of NB),  BIDS (operated by Tendering Publications Ltd.) and MERX (operated by  Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Failure to submit the official bid documents  r provide proof that the official bid documents were properly obtained will result in  rejection of the bid. In order to facilitate the evaluation process, Bidders are  requested to respond in the same format as the official bid documents. For procurements which are not subject to the provisions of one or more of the  interprovincial procurement agreements, the Province of New Brunswick reserves  the right to apply Provincial or regional Preferences, consider local content in  the evaluation of bids and/or refuse to consider bids from vendors from other  jurisdictions when it is considered to be in the best interests of the Province.  When determining the use of these conditions, the Province will consider, among  ther factors, the extent to which New Brunswick vendors have access to equivalent procurement  pportunities in those jurisdictions and the treatment accorded by those jurisdictions  to bids from New Brunswick vendors. The Province will be the sole judge of whether  these conditions will be used and the extent to which they will be applied. All discounts quoted will be considered to be without limitations. Payment of invoices is the responsibility of the department or organization to  whom the goods are shipped or services are supplied. Award of contracts: no contract shall be awarded and no payment shall be made to  a vendor unless authorized by the Minister or his delegates. The Minister may  make an award to the preferred vendor conditional on the negotiation and acceptance  f a detailed contract between the Province and the vendor. In such cases, should  the detailed contract negotiations not be completed in a reasonable period of  time, the Province reserves the right to discontinue negotiations with the vendor  and subsequently enter into negotiations with the second preferred vendor. No right or duty, in whole or in part, of the vendor under a contract issued may  be assigned or delegated without the prior consent of the Central Purchasing Branch. Unless the Central Purchasing Branch has determined otherwise prior to tender  closing, all prices must be extended and totalled. DEPT. OF TRANSPORTATION Maintenance & Traffic, Head Office P.O. Box 6000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG 1: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 1 Organisation id : 2989 Description :  NBDOT Well Upgrade - Village of Harvey - conversion of the observation well to  a pumping well and installing a permanent connection from the well to the well  house. There will be piping changes in the well house as well as water deliveries  during the work. Please see attached specifications. 2: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 1 Organisation id : 2989 Description :  32 hours for a plumber to modify piping arrangement for filtration system in  pumphouse. Include a provision of $1,000 for materials, eg pipe stands, new pipe. This procurement is subject to the provisions of the Atlantic Procurement Agreement.  Vendors are advised to read the Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions  for Goods and Services Invitations carefully before submitting a bid. Denise Chessie Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
31176.txt	Interior Wayfinding Signage Interior Wayfinding Signage for Quinte Healthcare Susan Rowe, Director of Public Affairs Closing of Tender - November 10, 2011 @ 2pm 
31202.txt	Opportunity Description: Prairie Land Regional Division invites tenders for building envelope work at Veteran School (201 Lucknow Street). All interested contractors must attend the viewing site meeting on Monday, November 7th from 9 AM to 1 PM. Please see attached tender documentation for details.
39157.txt	Hydronic Surface Heater Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: W0118-11X019/A Fagan, Mike Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Hydronic Surface Heater with Generator The Department of National Defence at Canadian Forces Base Shilo, Manitoba has a requirement for the supply and delivery for one (1) new Hydronic Surface Heater with generator. Complete specifications and details are included in attached Request for Proposal. Mandatory delivery date: on or before 30 MARCH 2012. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Closing Date: February 06, 2012, 14:00. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Fagan, Mike PO Box 1408, Room 100 167 Lombard Ave. Winnipeg Manitoba POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
27689.txt	P-11-66 Reconstruction of Warden Ave. between 16th Ave & Major Mackenzie Dr.- Town of Markham Request for Qualification RFQ # Description Closing Date P-11-66 Reconstruction of Warden Avenue between 16th Avenue and Major Mackenzie Drive - Town of Markham November 17, 2011  1:00 p.m. The Regional Municipality of York is seeking submissions from qualified general contractors to provide construction of the widening of Warden Avenue from 16th Avenue to Major Mackenzie Drive, including the simultaneous construction of three (3) bridges. There is no charge for the Request for Qualification (RFQ) documents. The documents may be obtained from the Supplies and Services Branch of the Regional Municipality of York Administration Building, 1st floor, at 17250 Yonge Street in the Town of Newmarket or after Friday, October 21, 2011 or it may be downloaded from the Region's Bids and Tenders web site at URL_TAG All Respondents must log into their account and register for the RFQ before they can download the RFQ documents. There is no cost to set up an account in the Region's Bids and Tenders System. All Addenda will be issued on the Bids & Tenders website.  All Queries regarding the RFQ documents shall be directed to Sarah Power, B.A. (Hons), CSCMP, Senior Purchasing Analyst, Supplies and Services Email: EMAIL_TAG, Tel: PHONENUMBER_TAG ext. 1651. Please state the document number when inquiring about this RFQ. Respondents are advised that, unless otherwise permitted by the Region's Purchasing By-Law, no proposal shall be accepted from, nor shall any contract be awarded to, any Proponent with whom the Region is engaged in unresolved litigation. All of the Regional Municipality of York's advertisements for RFQ's, RFP's, RFT's, RFPQ's and RFI's may be viewed on the Region's Bids and Tender website at URL_TAG Sealed Submissions, clearly marked with the RFQ Number, Description of the Project, and the Legal Company Name of the Proponent will be received by the Stan Gal, Director of Supplies & Services at the address below. Late proposals will NOT be accepted. The Regional Municipality of York Supplies & Services Branch Ground Floor 17250 Yonge Street Newmarket, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG  THE LOWEST OR ANY PROPOSAL NOT NECESSARILY ACCEPTED   BILL FISCH, Regional Chair and CEO 
34232.txt	CC-130 AVS OWSM Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: If 3+ bids offer Canadian goods/services ther bids will not be considered Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: CC-130 AVIONICS SYSTEMS (AVS) OPTIMIZED WEAPONS SYSTEM MANAGEMENT (OWSM) CONTRACT Description for NPP for W8485-07QH11. GSIN: JX1680 DESCRIPTION: CC-130 AVIONICS SYSTEMS (AVS) OPTIMIZED WEAPONS SYSTEM MANAGEMENT (OWSM) CONTRACT This is a draft Request for Proposal (RFP) for provision of CC-130 AVIONICS SYSTEMS (AVS) OPTIMIZED WEAPONS SYSTEM MANAGEMENT (OWSM) on behalf of the Department of National Defence (DND). The CC-130 Hercules transport aircraft will be supported by the Primary Air Vehicle (PAV), Propulsion (Prop), and Avionics Systems (AVS) Optimized Weapon System Management (OWSM) contracts. The Department of National Defence (DND) is currently using a contracting approach called OWSM. Under the OWSM approach PAV, Prop, and AVS system-level bundled, long-term, and performance-based contracts are being implemented for a number of air force fleets, including the CC-130 Hercules. This RFP applies to the CC130 AVS only. The OWSM approach consists of one Prime Contractor who is responsible for the entire AVS Systems support requirement. This includes the following work streams: Program Management, Engineering Support, Software Support, and, Materiel Support. A detailed list of activities for each work stream is included in the RFP. The Prime Contractor will provide some support in-house and sub-contract other support elements as required. Procurement Process and Contractor Selection A draft RFP is advertised on MERX and comments from Canadian Industry will be taken under consideration and, where appropriate, will be incorporated into the RFP. A final RFP will follow this Draft to solicit proposals. Industrial and Regional Benefits will be sought and Bidders are required to commit 75% of the contract value in direct and indirect Industrial and Regional Benefits. Bidders must be a Canadian registered company. Program management work must be performed in Canada. A minimum of 50% of the Engineering Work Stream must be performed in Canada. The management of the Materiel Work Stream must be performed in Canada. After receipt of proposals, selection of a contractor will follow standard bid evaluation processes. In this instance, "best value" will be used for contractor selection where Technical Score will represent seventy-five percent (75%) and Bid Price will represent the remaining twenty-five percent (25%) to provide the "best value" measure. Exemptions: This requirement falls under DND aircraft (FSC 15) and therefore is excluded from, the World Trade Organization - Agreement on Government Procurement under Annex 4, Note 4 and, the North American Free Trade Agreement under Chapter 10, Annex 1001.1b-2, Section B, General Note 1. The National Security Exemption under the Agreement on International Trade (AIT), Article 1804, was invoked on 26 November 2001 for this procurement. Provisions of the Comprehensive Land Claims Agreements do not apply to this procurement, as no goods/services are to be delivered/performed in a land claim settlement area. Any questions regarding this requirement should be directed to: Martin Lalonde Supply Team Leader PWGSC Place du Portage, Phase III, Tower C, 11 Laurier Street, Gatineau, Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG Tel: PHONENUMBER_TAG, Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG INTERNET ADDRESS: EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Lalonde, Martin 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 8C1, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28307.txt	Gasoline Hopper Spreader The intent of this Tender is to set up an Outline Agreement for one year with the City of Edmonton's option to extend for five additional one year terms for supply and delivery of Gasoline Hopper Spreaders for the City of Edmonton . URL_TAG 
29300.txt	Environment Canada Pre-Evaluation Checks for 2013 Evaluations NOTICE Solicitation Number: K0A20-11-0017 Environment Canada Pre-Evaluation Checks for 2013 Evaluations  REQUIREMENT Environment Canada (EC) is seeking professional services to conduct a series (n=6) of pre-evaluation checks (PECs) of PAA elements that are scheduled to be evaluated in 2013-14.  Habitat Conservation Partnerships (sub-sub-activity 1.1.4.1) Environmental Youth Employment (sub-sub-activity 1.3.3.3) Consumer and Commercial Products Sector (sub-sub-activity 3.2.1.3); Market Mechanisms (sub-sub-activity 3.2.1.4); Sustainable Development Technologies (sub-sub-activity 3.2.3.1); Environmental Technology Innovation (sub-sub-activity 3.2.3.2). OBJECTIVES The objectives of these evaluability checks are to: - gather background information on key program characteristics (e.g., theory, governance, performance measurement, capacity); - provide an analysis of the degree to which PAA elements are currently amenable to evaluation; and  - develop suggestions on how to improve the preparedness of PAA elements to participate in an evaluation. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY The Crown has determined that any intellectual property arising from the performance of the Work under the Contract will vest in Canada, on the following grounds:  6.4 Where the main purpose of the Crown Procurement Contract, or of the  deliverables contracted for, is: 6.4.1 To generate knowledge and information for public dissemination;  MANDATORY REQUIREMENT – SECURITY 1. The Contractor/Offeror must, at all times during the performance of the Contract/Standing Offer, hold a valid Facility Security Clearance at the level of SECRET, issued by the Canadian Industrial Security Directorate (CISD), Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC).  2. The Contractor/Offeror personnel requiring access to sensitive information, assets or work site(s) must EACH hold a valid personnel security screening at the level of SECRET, granted or approved by CISD/PWGSC.  3. The Contractor/Offeror MUST NOT remove any PROTECTED or CLASSIFIED information from the identified work site(s), and the Contractor/Offeror must ensure that its personnel are made aware of and comply with this restriction.  4. Processing of PROTECTED/CLASSIFIED information electronically at the Contractor's/Offeror's site is NOT permitted under this Contract.  5. Subcontracts which contain security requirements are NOT to be awarded without the prior written permission of the Environment Canada Project Authority.  6. The Contractor/Offeror must comply with the provisions of the:  a. Security Requirements Check List  b. CISD/PWGSC Industrial Security Manual (Latest Edition)   MANDATORY REQUIREMENT – LANGUAGE  The Contractor must attest that they have sufficient bilingual (English and French) capacity to provide the following services in both official languages: 1. Provide explanations, advice and responses to inquiries to managers. 2. Review information submitted by program managers and ensure it is correctly categorized, interpreted and analyzed. PROJECT BUDGET Environment Canada has established total funding for this contracted service at $32,190, excluding applicable taxes. Travel expenses: Travel is not anticipated as being required for the delivery of this contracted service.  This covers the period from date of award to March 31, 2012. 
29886.txt	Replace Siding & Windows C, CC & H Style Units Plus 142 Wolverine Pvt. THIS AMENDS THE PREVIOUSLY POSTED NOTICE TO CHANGE THE TENDER CLOSING DATE FROM NOVEMBER 8 TO NOVEMBER 17, 2011. TIME AND CLOSING LOCATION REMAIN UNCHANGED.  DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – #HALWA67 – Replace Siding & Windows C, CC & H Style Units Plus 142 Wolverine Pvt., Ottawa, Ontario The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment necessary to replace siding and windows. Those wishing to obtain a set of Plans & Specifications for this project must place an order with MERX by logging on their website: URL_TAG THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. A site meeting will be held at the following date, time and location. It is highly recommended that bidders attend this site meeting. Date: October 27, 2011 Time: 10:00 hours local time Location: 5-7 Clements Avenue, Ottawa, Ontario The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $589,600.00. Bidders are advised that bid and contract security is required when the advertised project budget (estimated cost for this opportunity) is greater than $100,000.00. Refer to the Instructions to Tenderers (Form DCL193 (R-07-08)), paragraph 4. The tender closing date is: November 17, 2011 The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time. Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: Public Works and Government Services Canada Bid Receiving  11 Laurier Street Place du Portage, Phase III Main Lobby Core 0A1 Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association. Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the Bid Opening Office. Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact the Department of National Defence (DND) to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS -VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG 
35493.txt	SUPPLY OF TRAFFIC CONTROL DEVICES INDIVIDUAL STANDING OFFER FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION AND WORKS FOR THE SUPPLY OF TRAFFIC CONTROL DEVICES. AS PER SPECIFICATIONS ATTACHED, 18 PAGES SPECIFICATIONS All suppliers shall include with their bids, specification sheets and manufacturer names of the products they intend to supply; otherwise your invitation to tender/request for quotation SHALL NOT be considered. All orders shall be shipped complete, and no goods should be held on back order. Item 1 - Traffic Cones, 28" high. See specifications in attachment #'s 1 and 9. Item 2 - Traffic Cones, 18" high. See specifications in attachment #'s 1 and 9. Item 3 - Delineator Posts. See specifications in attachment #'s 2 and 9. Item 4 - Traffic Control Drums. See specifications in attachment #'s 3 and 9. Item 5 - Yellow Pavement Tape. See specifications in attachment #'s 4 and 10. Item 6 - White Pavement Tape. See specifications in attachment #'s 4 and 10. Item 7 - Yellow Reflective Delineators. See specifications in attachment #'s 5 and 11. Item 8 - White Reflective Delineators. See specifications in attachment #'s 5 and 11. Item 9 - Yellow, Temporary Overlay Markers for Asphalt Application. See specifications in attachment #'s 6 and 12. Item 10 - White, Temporary Overlay Markers for Asphalt Application. See specifications in attachment #'s 6 and 12. Item 11 - Median Barrier Bracket, size 127 to 280mm. See specifications in attachment #'s 7 and 13. Item 12 - Median Barrier Bracket, size 300 to 450mm. See specifications in attachment #'s 7 and 13. Item 13 - Median Barrier Sign Stand to fit the Median Barrier Brackets in item 11 and 12. See specifications in attachment #'s 8 and 14. EVALUATION Under no circumstance shall the award of item 11, 12 and 13 be split, as all three items shall be compatible with each other. Only the bidder with lowest total bid for all three items combined, and which meet specifications, shall be awarded all three items [see Appendix +A+, TOTAL (C)]. To be considered for supplying the Median Barrier Brackets and Median Barrier Sign Stands in items 11, 12 and 13, suppliers SHALL bid on all three items. Otherwise their bids for these three items will be rejected. All other items will be awarded to the lowest compliant bidder meeting the terms and conditions of this tender. DELIVERY Bidders are to be advised that the individual purchase orders may be issued by various offices within this department, with delivery to be FOB to the following locations: 1. Transportation Roads Depot, White Hills, Bldg. 1170, St. John+s, NL. 2. Transportation Roads Depot, Bay Roberts, Conception Bay North, NL. 3. Transportation Roads Depot, Manitoba Drive, Clarenville, NL. 4. Transportation Roads Depot, Duggan Road, Grand Falls-Windsor, NL. 5. Transportation Roads Depot, Old Bonne Bay Hwy., Deer Lake, NL 6. Transportation Roads Depot, Happy Valley-Goose Bay, Labrador, NL. 7. Transportation Sign Shop, Building 1141, White Hills, St. John+s, NL. Delivery of any items ordered from the standing offer agreement(s) SHALL be within 30 calendar days of the order date. ATTACHMENTS External attachments exist for this tender. If you have not received the attachments described in this document, you may log onto URL_TAG Failure to fully complete Appendix A shall result in bid disqualification. PURPOSE This Standing Offer Agreement shall permit the Department of Transportation & Works, to purchase on an "as and when required" basis the items listed at the price quoted. PERIOD This Standing Offer Agreement shall be in effect from date of issue to December 31, 2012 with an option to extend the agreement by mutual consent of both parties for one year under the same pricing, terms and conditions. QUANTITY Quantities and/or Financial Limitations as stated are estimates made in good faith for the period of the Agreement. This Standing Offer Agreement shall be limited to the actual supplies ordered and delivered. The supplier shall provide only the quantity of an item ordered by the end user, regardless of the manufacturer/supplier+s standard packaging. The successful supplier shall maintain adequate stock to cover requirements when requested. FOB DESTINATION PRICES QUOTED SHALL BE FOB ALL DESTINATIONS FOR ORDERS OF $500.00 AND OVER. PRICING & TAXES Price(s) quoted SHALL remain unchanged for the agreement period unless otherwise specified. Vendor hereby certifies that the prices tendered are not in excess of those charged anyone else, including their most favored customer. Prices are exclusive of HST & GST. Applicable taxes shall be applied at the invoicing stage and are to be listed separately on each purchase invoice. Our HST number is 107442683. INVOICING Invoice(s) showing standing offer number shall be forwarded to the invoice address as indicated on the purchase order. It is to be understood that payment of invoices shall be the responsibility of the appropriate consignee, and further understood that the supplier shall hold the Government Purchasing Agency harmless respecting any loss, damage, and non-payment resulting from or related to any order placed by a Provincial Government Department, Corporation, Agency, Board or Authority in the Province with the supplier against any resultant Standing Offer Agreement. AUTHORIZATION FOR DELIVERY Consignee shall order any required goods using either a +Blanket Release+ or +Contract Release+. CANCELLATION This Standing Offer Agreement shall be subject to cancellation by the Government Purchasing Agency with thirty (30) days written notice. If the successful vendor cancels the contract for any reason, GPA reserves the right to contract with the next lowest bidder meeting the terms and conditions of the original tender call. AMENDMENTS Written inquiries and requests for clarification shall be accepted up to forty-eight (48) working hours prior to the closing time. Inquiries and requests for clarification received after this date shall not be addressed. Verbal responses shall not be binding on either party. To ensure consistency and quality in the information provided to bidders, the Government Purchasing Agency shall provide, by way of amendment to this tender in the form of an addendum to all bidders who have registered to receive amendments, any relevant information with respect to the tender inquiries received in writing without revealing the source of those inquiries. Bidders are cautioned that it is their responsibility to endure that they receive all information relevant to this Tender. The Owner shall not be responsible for bidders who fail to inform themselves regarding the scope and nature of the work. Government Purchasing Agency shall publish all amendments to the tendering website at URL_TAG TENDER INFORMATION This tender will be publicly opened at: GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY 30 STRAWBERRY MARSH ROAD ST. JOHN'S, NEWFOUNDLAND CANADA POSTALCODE_TAG At the time and date indicated on this document. Tender opening at 10:15 a.m. DECEMBER 13, 2011 Responses shall be returned to: GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY 30 STRAWBERRY MARSH ROAD ST. JOHN'S, NEWFOUNDLAND CANADA POSTALCODE_TAG OR By fax at PHONENUMBER_TAG GENERAL Tender documents submitted by facsimile shall be received +in full+ at the Government Purchasing Agency by the specified closing time. Documents in transmission after the Closing Time shall be considered late tenders. For further information, please contact SONIA BLANKS, PHONENUMBER_TAG. Disregard tax column on this form. Unless otherwise stated in the invitation, bids shall remain open to acceptance and are irrevocable for a period of 90 days after the invitation closing date. Unsigned tenders/RFQ's shall not be considered. You are required to supply up to date Material Safety Data Sheets + applicable to anything regulated under transportation of dangerous goods, or the shipment cannot be accepted. Prices quoted shall be in Canadian funds. PUBLIC TENDER ACT All tenders are called under the Public Tender Act 1984 and subsequent amendments thereof. ATLANTIC PROVINCES STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS The Atlantic Standard Terms and Conditions apply to this tender/RFQ and may be obtained from the Government Purchasing Agency, or by way of the internet at: URL_TAG ATLANTIC PROCUREMENT AGREEMENT This procurement opportunity is subject to the provisions of the Agreement on Internal Trade and Atlantic Procurement Agreement within the defined thresholds. Line NO: Item NO./Description Quantity / UOM Unit Price Extended Tax 1 TRAFFIC CONTROL DEVICES, INDIVIDUAL STANDING OFFER AGREEMENT.AS PER THE ATTACHED SPECIFICATIONS AND APPENDIX "A", 18 PAGES. 1 EACH  Note: In order to be notified of amendments  to this tender, suppliers must go directly  to the Newfoundland government tendering web site at URL_TAG and register to receive amendments for this tender  document.  
39285.txt	CLIP,SPRING TENSION, VARIOUS ITEMS Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: CLIP,SPRING TENSION, VARIOUS ITEMS W8486-122437/A Line1, 5340-99-595-4149, CLIP,SPRING TENSION ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N : 26807 OR P/N: A3/26807 NSMC: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICS LTD, HARROW, GB QUANTITY: 200 Line2, 5965-00-069-8886, HANDSET ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: H189GR OR P/N: H-189/GR NSMC: 16575 SONETRONICS INC, NJ, USA P/N: H189GR NSCM: 80058 JOINT ELECTRONICS TYPE DESIGNATION, US P/N: SCDL544225 OR P/N: SMC544226 NSMC: 80063 USARMY COMMUNICATIONS, FORT MONMOUTH, NJ, USA P/N: 5909055 NMSC: C1062 ELEKTRONIK SERVICE MBH, PHILIPP-REIS-STR, 8, HENSTEDT-ULZBURG, ST P/N: 9160-0189 NSMC: 33783 BR COMMUNICATIONS INC, FREMONT, CA, USA P/N: 01-P04535L001 NSMC: 1VPW8 GENERAL DYNAMICS, SCOTTSDALE, AZ, USA P/N: 2006/9110 NSMC: U3999 MARLBOROUGH COMMUNICATIONS LTD, HORLEY, SY, GB QUANTITY: 500 Line3, 5965-99-917-6043, HANDSET ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: H-5036/U NSMC: 80058 JOINT ELECTRONICS TYPE DESIG, US P/N: RA250/1141/1 NSMC: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICS LTD, HARROW,GB P/N: RA250/1141/1 NSCM: K8997 RACAL RADIO LTD, BRACKNELL, BK, GB QUANTITY: 500 Line4, 5965-99-127-2759, HEADBAND,HEADSET ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: A3/561846 OR P/N: 561846 NSMC: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICS LTD, HARROW, GB QUANTITY: 500 Line5, 5995-66-147-0933, CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPECIAL PURPOSE,ELECTRICAL ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: 561621 NSMC: Z1337 THALES SOLUTIONS AUSTRAILIA, BROOKVALE,ST P/N: 561621 NSCM: ZAX59 THALES AUSTRAILIA, GARDEN ISLAND, ST P/N: 561621 NSMC: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICS LTD, HARROW, GB P/N: 561621 NSMC: ZAW76 EYLEX PTY LTD, CASTLE HIL, ST QUANTITY: 1000 Line6, 5965-21-257-4179, EARPHONE ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: 29610 NSCM: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICS LTD, HARROW, GB QUANTITY: 200 Line7, 5340-01-558-7514, BRACKET,MOUNTING ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: G03C034-PP NSCM: 4Y759 GLOBAL MARKET DEVELOPEMENT INC, BAY SHORE NY, USA QUANTITY: 300 Line8, 5996-01-441-3993, AMPLIFIER,AUDIO FREQUENCY ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: G03S091-PFN NSCM: 4Y759 GLOBAL MARKET DEVELOPEMENT INC, BAY SHORE NY, USA QUANTITY: 100 ALTERNATE OR EQUIVALENT PART NUMBERS WILL BE CONSIDERED FOR DELIVERY TO CFB MONTREAL APRIL 1, 2012 OR LATER Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Turner, Louie 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39207.txt	Janitorial Services, Brandon, MB ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Infrastructure and Transportation - Accommodation DATE ISSUED: 28/12/2011 ISSUED BY: Mark Szul TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENTS: To provide Janitorial Services including all labour, material and equipment within the Brandon Provincial Building (approx. 77,850 square feet) at 340 9TH Street, Brandon, MB in accordance with RFQ # 0326-JA-12. It is MANDATORY that bidders attend the site visit at the designated date and time to examine the scope of work required and the existing conditions. Bidders to meet the Facility Manager at the front lobby of the Brandon Provincial Building at 340 9TH Street in Brandon, MB for the mandatory site inspection visit on Tuesday, JANUARY 10th, 2012 at 1:00 PM. Tender Documents may be obtained on or after December 22nd, 2011 from: Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation Accommodation Services Division Contract Services Main Floor - 1700 Portage Avenue Winnipeg, MB,, ,,POSTALCODE_TAG SEALED SEPARATE TENDERS WILL BE RECEIVED BY: Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation Accommodation Services Division Contract Services Main Floor - 1700 Portage Avenue Winnipeg, MB,, ,,POSTALCODE_TAG BEFORE:,,2:00 PM Winnipeg time, on THURSDAY, JANUARY 26th, 2012. Each Bid must be accompanied by a bid deposit as described in the tender document # 0326-JA-12. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO: Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation Accommodation Services Division Contract Services Main Floor - 1700 Portage Avenue Winnipeg, Manitoba POSTALCODE_TAG Contact person: Mark Szul, Contract Administrator Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG; Email: EMAIL_TAG P=MB 
28308.txt	Opportunity Description: The purpose of the RFQ is to establish a Resource List of highly skilled pre-qualified vendors to provide analysis of forest industry economic, trade, and financial issues.   Qualified Vendors will be placed on the Resource List which will be used as one method by which FEB will enter into Contracts on an "as needed" basis. Placement on the List does not constitute a guarantee of work to any pre-qualified vendor.
28962.txt	Township Road 805A, Erosion Remediation - Doe River Valley Work shall consist of approximately: 6000 m3 if cinnib excavation 6200 m2 of turf reinforcement mat (TRM) installation 2200 lin m of synthetic permeable ditch barrier installation 2200 lin m of fiber roll / straw wattle installation 0.64 ha of hydroseeding URL_TAG 
39258.txt	Repair Roof Waterproofing, Valcartier Garrison (Québec) DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – #VR112100– Repair Roof Waterproofing, Valcartier Garrison (Québec) The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment necessary for the four sloped roof repairs by replacing the asphalt shingles by using the elastomer membrane bilayer system at building VC-510C. For DCC Tender Board Projects, Plans and Specifications (P&S) are picked up at the DCC Site Office located at the following address: Defence Construction Canada Building 72, Suite 104 Victory Street  CFSU Valcartier Box 1000, Station Forces Courcelette, Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG The MERX order confirmation number authorizing the order of Project # VR112100 must be presented to the DCC Site Office when picking up P&S. A MERX order confirmation number can be obtained from MERX by logging on their website: URL_TAG THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. A site meeting will be held at the following date, time and location. It is highly recommended that bidders attend this site meeting Date: January 12, 2012 Time: 10:30 hours, local time. Location: Room 104, Building 72, De la Victoire St., Courcelette, QC, POSTALCODE_TAG The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $30,710.00 Bidders are advised that bid and contract security is required when the advertised project budget (estimated cost for this opportunity) is greater than $100,000.00. Refer to the Instructions to Tenderers (Form DCL193 (R-07-08)), paragraph 4. This procurement follows tendering procedures in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Agreement on Internal Trade.  The tender closing date is: January 24, 2012 The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time. Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: Defence Construction Canada Valcartier Garrison De la Victoire Street, Building 72 Room 104 P.O. Box 1000 Station Forces Courcelette, QC POSTALCODE_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG. Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association and the DCC Site Office in the project area. Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the Bid Opening Office and from the DCC Site at telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG. Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact anyone other than the DCC Contracting Authority to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS- VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG  
27701.txt	Tender for the Operation of the Portage la Prairie Regional Landfill Site - 11 PRLA 01 TENDER PORTAGE REGIONAL LANDFILL AUTHORITY Submissions are invited for the following: 11 PRLA 01 - "OPERATION OF THE PORTAGE LA PRAIRIE REGIONAL LANDFILL SITE" Tenders are available for pick up at the City Operations Department, 495-11th Street N.W., Portage la Prairie, PHONENUMBER_TAG.  Sealed bids must be received at the City Operations Department on or before 2:00 p.m. local time on Wednesday, November 9, 2011. Faxed bids will not be accepted. All Tenders shall be irrevocable after the official opening and before the awarding of the contract. LOWEST OR ANY TENDER NOT NECESSARILY ACCEPTED. General enquiries may be directed to: Brian Taylor Manager, Public Works Division PHONENUMBER_TAG 
39266.txt	Harbour Improvements, Arnes, MB The work under this contract covers: .1 The supply and installation of two (2) steel piles. .2 Excavation of a portion of the existing entrance channel. .3 The supply and installation of armour rock to designated locations on both the north and south breakwaters. 
39273.txt	Milk & Dairy Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: If 3+ bids offer Canadian goods/services ther bids will not be considered Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Milk & Dairy Products EW479-121880/B Karlson, Jacqueline Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG This bid solicitation cancels and supersedes previous bid solicitation number EW479-121880/A dated December 7, 2011 with a closing of December 23, 2011 at 2:00pm MST Regional Individual Standing Offer for the supply, delivery and ff-loading of Milk and Dairy Products, to the Department of National Defence, Edmonton, Wainwright and Cold Lake, Alberta on an "as required" basis during the period January 19, 2012 to January 18, 2013. The requirement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT). Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Karlson, Jacqueline Telus Plaza North/Plaza Telus Nord 10025 Jasper Ave./10025 ave Jasper 5th floor/5e étage Edmonton Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29160.txt	Replace Fencing DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – #HALSD62 - Replace Fencing, CFB Suffield, AB. The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment necessary for the removal of the existing wood picket fencing at Ralston, AB and the installation of approximately 976 m of pre-manufactured vinyl picket fencing complete with gates. For DCC Tender Board Projects, Plans and Specifications (P&S) are picked up at the local Construction Association located at the following address: Medicine Hat Construction Association 914 – 16th Street SW Medicine Hat, Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG The MERX order confirmation number authorizing the order of Project # HALSD62 must be presented to the Construction Association when picking up P&S. A MERX order confirmation number can be obtained from MERX by logging on their website: URL_TAG THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $169,000.00 Bidders are advised that bid and contract security is required when the advertised project budget (estimated cost for this opportunity) is greater than $100,000.00. Refer to the Instructions to Tenderers (Form DCL193 (R-07-08)), paragraph 4. This procurement follows tendering procedures in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Agreement on Internal Trade. The tender closing date is: October 25, 2011 The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: Medicine Hat Construction Association 914 – 16th Street SW Medicine Hat, Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association.  Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the Bid Opening Office and from the DCC Site at telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact anyone other than the DCC Contracting Authority to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS -VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG 
29288.txt	MRT Spares for the WLAV LE Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: MRT Spares for the WLAV LE W8476-113120/A Menard, Maria Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG THE GOODS ARE TO BE DELIVERED TO CANADIAN FORCES SUPPLY DEPOT MONTREAL (QUEBEC) AND EDMONTON (ALBERTA). Drawings are available upon request for items 1-6. Bidders are to fax their request for drawings to: PWGSC Attention: Maria Menard, Fax No. 819-956-0648 specifying the PWGSC File No.. In rder to receive a Technical Data Package, the proposed Bidder must return a signed copy of Annex 'A' of the Request for Proposal document. Bidders are responsible to request drawings early enough to ensure that the drawings are received (through regular mail) before bid closing. Line1, GSIN:N2540, NSN:2540200049319, LATCH,DOOR,VEHICULAR, Quantity:30, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:0677953-1, NSCM:35907 Line2, GSIN:N2540, NSN:2540200049319, LATCH,DOOR,VEHICULAR, Quantity:20, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:0677953-1, NSCM:35907 Line3, GSIN:N5340, NSN:5340200048330, HINGE,BUTT, Quantity:30, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:0677776-1, NSCM:35907 Line4, GSIN:N5340, NSN:5340200048330, HINGE,BUTT, Quantity:20, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:0677776-1, NSCM:35907 Line5, GSIN:N5340, NSN:5340200048305, BRACKET,MOUNTING, Quantity:30, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:0678074-1, NSCM:35907 Line6, GSIN:N5340, NSN:5340200048305, BRACKET,MOUNTING, Quantity:20, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:0678074-1, NSCM:35907 Line7, GSIN:N4010, NSN:4010200048062, CHAIN,WELDED, Quantity:200, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:10639205-3, NSCM:56161 Line8, GSIN:N4010, NSN:4010200048062, CHAIN,WELDED, Quantity:50, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:10639205-3, NSCM:56161 Line9, GSIN:N6680, NSN:6680200048019, GAGE ROD,LIQUID LEVEL, Quantity:50, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:10653838-011, NSCM:56161 Line10, GSIN:N6680, NSN:6680200048019, GAGE ROD,LIQUID LEVEL, Quantity:20, Unit of Issue:Each, Delivery Dates:See Herein, Part Number:10653838-011, NSCM:56161 Delivery of these items are preferred by February 5, 2011. Canada retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Menard, Maria 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier Place du Portage Phase III 6C1 Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35481.txt	Art Wall Implementation Advisor The Ottawa Convention Centre is inviting proposals from firms interested in providing advice and support for the implementation of the Art Wall and its associated programming.  Proponents must be able to clearly demonstrate the ability to support OCC as required. The experience is identified but not limited to the following areas:  Scheduling – the ability to review, monitor and control Implementation – monitor quality and performance Art content selection and coordination Sponsorship coordination Systems and IT support and interface Coordination of approval authorities and authorities with jurisdiction, including the National Capital Commission, City of Ottawa, Parks Canada, Ministry of Finance (Ontario), Ontario Financing Authority, Ministry of Tourism and Culture  Technical support on design installation Coordinate with other OCC partners and the OCC constructor Coordination of quality control Risk management Procurement and contract management Budget and scope management 
39275.txt	Inverted Microscope - Nanaimo, BC Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exclusive Rights Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: Carl Zeiss Canada Ltd 45 Valleybrook Dr Toronto Ontario Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Nature of Requirements: Inverted Microscope - Nanaimo, BC KW405-111099/A Mack, Wayne Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG To supply and install one (1) Carl Zeiss Axio Observer inverted mciroscope complete with AxioCam ICc3R3 and Q409 Imaging computer for Environment Canada (EC), Pacific Biological Station (PBS), Nanaimo, BC. Delivery is mandatory for 31 March 2012. The purchase of the Carl Zeiss inverted microscope is required to document rocksnot. The Carl Zeiss inverted microscope is tailored toward working with algal taxa such as rocksnot but it is also compatible with other "normal" Carl Zeiss compound microscopes owned by EC. Sole Source Justification: The highly corrosive salt-water room environment in which the scope is to be used is unique. It differs from nearly all other uses of microscopes. Carl Zeiss inverted microscopes have several unique (not available in any other microscope) features which are essential to the program needs for this instrument. They are: 1. An electrostatic powder coating of the microscope stand is an exclusive feature of Carl Zeiss microscopes and is not available in any other microscope manufacturer. This instrument will be used in saltwater, highly corrosive lab environment and rust is serious issue, the powder coating is essential. Painting the base will also help prevent rust but it is not a guarantee against rust. 2. Likewise, because of the use in salt water environments the nosepiece requires special protection from accidental spills. The Zeiss Aquastop II is a patented device needed to protect nosepieces (both objectives and the turret) from corrosive spills. Zeiss is the sole manufacturer of microscopes that have this feature. Other manufacturers have features that protect the bjectives only, but they do not protect the nosepiece. 3. The Carl Zeiss Axio Observer is compatible with the Hydro-Bios Utermohl settling chambers used by Environment Canada for enumeration microalgae. 4. The Carl Zeiss Axio Observer has individual DIC sliders with each objective which facilitates rapid switching of magnification essential when counting/identifying algal species (the intended use). Each slider has it's own MgF2 plate to ensure uniform field illumination in counting operations. You can not switch rapidly between objectives that do not have the DIC slides mounted on individual objectives. All other microscope arrangements require two operations for each shift, not one. 5. Presently, there are 4 Zeiss compound microscopes are already in use in the EC lab and the purchase of this inverted microscope allows interchangeability of objective lens and is a value added feature of this purchase. 6. This instrument will be co-located at an EC/DFO (Department f Fisheries and Oceans) research facility (the Pacific Biological Station in Nanaimo BC) and Carl Zeiss provides local qualified factory trained service technicians and on-site imaging support for microscopes in the Government of Canada research facility. This is a cost savings feature as Zeiss is already under contract with DFO to do annual cleaning/maintenance of all the Zeiss scopes at PBS every year. Total Estimated Cost: $42,780.42 plus taxes. GCR Exemption: d) only one supplier (person or firm) is capable of performing the contract. AIT Article 506: 12) to ensure compatibility with existing products, to recognize exclusive rights, such as exclusive licences, copyright and patent rights, or to maintain specialized products that must be maintained by the manufacturer or its representative; NAFTA Limited Tendering Reason: (b)where, for works of art, or for reasons connected with the protection of patents, copyrights or other exclusive rights, or proprietary information or where there is an absence of competition for technical reasons, the goods or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no reasonable alternative or substitute exists; (d) for additional deliveries by the original supplier that are intended either as replacement parts or continuing services for existing supplies, services or installations, or as the extension of existing supplies, services or installations, where a change of supplier would compel the entity to procure equipment or services not meeting requirements of interchangeability with already existing equipment or services, including software to the extent that the initial procurement of the software was covered by this Chapter. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Mack, Wayne #910, 410 - 22nd Street East Saskatoon Sask. POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
28302.txt	Sled, Self-Propelled Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: W8476-123302/A Kelley, Bonnie Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG SLED, SELF-PROPELLED GSIN:N2350, NSN:2350218861669, SLED, SELF-PROPELLED. The Department of National Defence has a requirement to purchase three (3) Sleds, Self-Propelled and related items, in accordance with the attached Purchase Description "Sled, Self Propelled, ECC 140315 dated July 2011" and as described at Annex A - Pricing. for delivery by December 30, 2011, to Canadian Forces Base Shilo, Manitoba and Petawawa, Ontario. The requirement includes an option to purchase up to six (6) Sleds, Self-Propelled and related items to be exercised within twelve (12) months from the effective date of the contract. Debriefings After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of notification that their bid was unsuccessful. The debriefing may be provided in writing, by telephone or in person. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Kelley, Bonnie 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39146.txt	Request for Proposals to Develop and Implement Leduc's Waste Reduction Communications Strategy The City of Leduc is currently assessing options for carts and automated collection of food/yard waste and other solid waste. In anticipation of a new waste reduction program for Leduc residents, a communication strategy is required. The communications strategy will address goals, audiences, educational material, and an implementation schedule to ensure the new waste reduction program is launched successfully. The new program is anticipated to begin in September 2012. URL_TAG 
29306.txt	TOILET, MARINE Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TOILET, MARINE W8482-129981/A J.L. LeGrow Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG TOILET, MARINE STAINLESS STEEL, SHOCK TESTED, COMES WITH INSTALLATION KIT, VACUUM OPERATED, FLOOR MOUNTED, FOR HALIFAX CLASS SHIPS. ANY SUBSTITUTE OFFERED MUST CONFORM TO THE NAVY'S SHOCK TESTED SPECIFICATION D-03-003-007/SG-000. SUBSTITUTE ITEMS MUST HAVE CERTIFICATE OF SHOCK TESTING AT THE TIME OF BID CLOSING, OTHERWISE THE ITEM WILL BE REJECTED BY THE DND TECHNICAL AUTHORITY AS BEING NON-COMPLIANT. QUANTITY 174, FOR DELIVRY TO CANADIAN FORCES BASES IN ESQUIMALT, B.C. AND HALIFAX, N.S. BEFORE 31 MARCH 2012 (MANDATORY). Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. J.L. LeGrow 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 7A2, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35484.txt	Étang-du-Nord – Magdalen Islands / South – Breakwater Repair, Fisheries and Oceans Canada SEALED TENDERS for the project below will be received until 15 h, local time on Monday, December 19, 2011. Bidders are advised that Merx is not responsible for the distribution of solicitation documents for this tender call. Tender documents can be obtained through the Contract Officer, Contracting Service Office at the address mentioned hereafter : CONTRACTING SERVICE, FISHERIES AND OCEANS, QUEBEC REGION, 104 DALHOUSIE STREET, 2ND FLOOR, QUEBEC (QUEBEC) POSTALCODE_TAG  (Please call before coming, at PHONENUMBER_TAG or PHONENUMBER_TAG). You can also fax your request at PHONENUMBER_TAG. Tender documents will be sent by regular mail, or, at your request, by a special courrier (at your own charges). Tender documents may be examined at the "Association de Construction du Québec" in Bas-St-Laurent-Gaspésie-Les Iles Office. To be considered, each tender must be submitted on the forms supplied by the Department and must be accompanied by the security specified on the tender documents. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted if this tender doesn't meet all the requirements requested in tender documents. PROJECT NUMBER: F3731-110126/T2027 PROJECT DESCRIPTION: Étang-du-Nord – Magdalen Islands / South – Breakwater Repair, for needs of Fisheries and Oceans Canada, Small Craft Harbour CLOSING DATE: Monday, December 19th, 2011 – 15 h, local time. SPECIFIC CONDITION:  The Contractor will have to respect the laws and rules related to construction works in the Province of Quebec (licence, permits, etc.) FOR TECHNICAL INFORMATION: Please call the Project Manager, Mr. Yves Gingras at phone number PHONENUMBER_TAG.  
35477.txt	PAY EQUITY CONSULTING SERVICES The Cornwall Community Hospital (CCH) is seeking professional expertise to lead and advise CCH in conducting a review and implementation a maintenance plan with Canadian Union of Public Employees (CUPE) to satisfy the ongoing requirements of the Pay Equity Act of Ontario. The Principal consultant will possess an Undergraduate degree in a Human Resources related field form a recognized university and have a Membership in good standing with the HRPA or other professional association . 
39155.txt	Pickups-2012 The County of Stettler No. 6 is inviting bids for the purchase of (5) new 3/4 ton 4wd Crew Cab pickups. ADDENDUM ISSUED: January 3, 2012 - to fix printing problem URL_TAG 
28362.txt	Architectural and Engineering Consulting Firms interested in providing Prime Consultant Services are invited to respond to this Opportunity Notice by submitting an Expression of Interest (EOI) before the Opportunity Notice close date/time. Prime Consultant firms must be registered in the VRAES (Vendor Registry for Architectural and Engineering Consultant Services), which is located on the Alberta Infrastructure website: URL_TAG Please refer to the Consultant Selection Guide on the VRAES website for further information. If you have any questions, please contact Infrastructure Procurement by email at: EMAIL_TAG or phone the VRAES Business Administrator at PHONENUMBER_TAG. Contact : Rose Simpson Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
28290.txt	Replace Level 1 Sleeping Room Carpet Building 435 DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – #SD119907– Replace Level 1 Sleeping Room Carpet Building 435, CFB Suffield, AB. The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision, equipment to replace existing carpet and rubber base with new linoleum and rubber base in 51 sleeping rooms on the main floor of Building 435 at CFB Suffield, AB. For DCC Tender Board Projects, Plans and Specifications (P&S) are picked up at the local Construction Association located at the following address: Medicine Hat Construction Association 914 – 16th Street SW Medicine Hat, Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG The MERX order confirmation number authorizing the order of Project # SD119907 must be presented to the Construction Association when picking up P&S. A MERX order confirmation number can be obtained from MERX by logging on their website: URL_TAG THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $121,000.00. Bidders are advised that bid and contract security is required when the advertised project budget (estimated cost for this opportunity) is greater than $100,000.00. Refer to the Instructions to Tenderers (Form DCL193 (R-07-08)), paragraph 4. This procurement follows tendering procedures in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Agreement on Internal Trade.  The tender closing date is: November 2, 2011 The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time. Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: Medicine Hat Construction Association 914 – 16th Street SW Medicine Hat, Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association.  Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the Bid Opening Office and from the DCC Site at telephone PHONENUMBER_TAG. Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact anyone other than the DCC Contracting Authority to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS -VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG 
38256.txt	High resolution cooled LWIR camera Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Government Objectives Representing Best Interests/Value to Govt Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: QWIP Technologies 499 Nibus Street Suite D Brea California United States 92821 USA Nature of Requirements: High resolution cooled LWIR camera W7701-125179/A Arcand, Geneviève Ndegrees de téléphone - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Nº fax - PHONENUMBER_TAG Article1, High resolution cooled LWIR camera High resolution cooled longwave infrared camera An ACAN is a public notice indicating to the supplier community that a department or agency intends to award a contract for goods, services or construction to a pre-identified supplier, thereby allowing other suppliers to signal their interest in bidding, by submitting a statement of capabilities. If no supplier submits a statement of capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, on or before the closing date stated in the ACAN, the contracting officer may then proceed with the award. Context: The objective of the research and development work is to compare target detection and recognition performance among different types of infrared cameras: (1) Uncooled longwave infrared 8-12um cameras up to 1024x768 resolution; (2) Cooled longwave infrared 8-10um cameras up to 640x480 resolution; (3) Cooled longwave infrared 8-10um cameras up to 1024x1024 resolution. Defence Research and Development Canada, Valcartier has camera types (1) and (2). We need to acquire camera type (3) for the study. After a product search, QWIPTECH 1024 cooled longwave infrared camera with resolution 1024x1024 is the only one available on the market which possesses the specifications required to successfully pursue our study. Mandatory Criteria: - The cooled longwave infrared focal plane array of the camera may be either photovoltaics or quantum-well-infrared-photodetector (QWIP) type - The cooled longwave infrared camera must cover between 8.0 and 10.0 micrometer (1 micrometer = 10-6 meter) in the infrared spectrum - The focal plane array of the camera must have a spatial resolution of 1024 by 1024 or higher - The focal plane array must be a single, 2-dimension, staring imaging array providing the desired resolution. No scanning or "stitch blocks" of multiple focal plane array configurations is acceptable. - The pixel pitch of the focal plane array must be between 15 and 20 micrometer (1 micrometer = 10-6 meter) - The F-Number of the cold shield of the cooled infrared detector module must be between 2.0 and 2.5 - The camera must equip with front lens with focal length of between 100 and 130 mm - The camera must allow operation in single snap shot and video at frame rate (programmable) at least up to 100Hz - The camera must allow programmable integration time corresponding value its maximum frame rate - The camera must have analog video output (RS170-NTSC) and digital video output at least 12 bits or more - The camera must allow dynamic windowing via control of a standard PC interface e.g. cameralink, gigabit-E, LVDS - All camera system control and the digital video data are via a standard PC interface e.g. cameralink, gigabit-E, LVDS - A guarantee of at least 12 months must be offered Proposed supplier : QWIP Technologies Brea, California, USA Qty : 1 Delivery : on or before March 31st, 2012. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Arcand, Geneviève Place Bonaventure, portail Sud-Est 800, rue de La Gauchetière Ouest 7 ième étage Montréal Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
37191.txt	HVAC System Maintenance and Monitoring Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: HVAC Monitoring and Maintenance "THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS A SECURITY REQUIREMENT" This requirement is for the monitoring (24/7), operation, maintenance, inspection and repair of the heating, ventilation, air conditioning (HVAC), METASYS building environmental control systems, and other related equipment located at the NORAD Radar Operations Control Centre (ROCC), 22 Wing North Bay, Ontario in accordance with established performance specifications, standards, and guidelines. The proposed period of contract is for 1 year (tentative date 1 April 2012 to 31 March 2013) with the option to extend the contract for an aditional 3-1 year period each. A mandatory site visit has been arranged for the Bidder or a representative of the Bidder to visit the work site, The mandatory site visit will be held on Thursday, 5 January 2012 at 10:00 AM at Department of National Defence, 22 Wing North Bay/Construction Engineering, 9 Manston Crescent, Hornell Heights, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG Canada. Bidders must communicate with the Contracting Authority no later than two days before the scheduled visit to confirm attendance and provide the names of the person(s) who will attend the site visit and fill out forms for these individuals in order to btain the Special Area Passes (SAP) ahead of time. Bidders will not be able to attend the site visit without the SAP." There is security requirement associated with this requirement. At the date of bid closing, Bidder must meet the following security requirement: (a) the Bidder must hold a valid organization security clearance as indicated in Part 7 - Resulting Contract Clauses of the RFP; (b) the Bidder's proposed individuals requiring access to classified or protected information, assets or sensitive work site(s) must meet the security requirement as indicated in Part 7 - Resulting Contract Clauses of the RFP; (c) the Bidder must provide the name of all individuals who will require access to classified or protected information, assets or sensitive work sites. For additional information on security requirements, bidders should consult the "Security Requirements for PWGSC Bid Solicitations - Instructions for Bidders" URL_TAG document on the Departmental Standard Procurement Documents Web site. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Yari, Helen Ontario Region 33 City Centre Drive Suite 480 Mississauga Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37260.txt	SPARES FOR VICTORIA CLASS SUBMARINE Trade Agreement: AIT/NAFTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Most economic bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirement: The Department of National Defence has a requirement for spare parts (16 line items) in support of the Victoria Class Submarines, which are to be delivered to Halifax, Nova Scotia and to Victoria, British Columbia such as: Items No.: 0001 & 0010, NSN: 5340-01-278-6732, BUMPER Quantity: 15, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery to Halifax Quantity: 15, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery to Victoria Quality Assurance Code: C (Subject to Controlled Goods clause) P/N: 5185681-1, NCAGE: 53711 Items No.: 0005 & 0014, NSN: 5310-99-799-7085, WASHER, KEY Quantity: 30, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery to Halifax Quantity: 30, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery to Victoria Quality Assurance Code: C P/N: 100401-3030-013, NCAGE: K1806 Items No.: 0007 & 0016, NSN: 1045-99-729-8249, BLADDER Quantity: 8, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery to Halifax Quantity: 8, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery to Victoria Quality Assurance Code: C (Subject to Controlled Goods clause) P/N: AC01-02, NCAGE: U2341 All GSIN's for this requirement: N1045; N4730; N5120; N5310; N5330; N5340; N9505 All NCAGE's for this requirement: 53711; K0663; K4744; K1806; K6451; U2341; U1068 Delivery Date Required: As soon as possible. Requests for complete bid packages should be directed to the Contracting Authority below. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. 
39111.txt	Examining Options for Managing Food Safety and Quality Risks Instrument Selection Project The purpose of this RFP is to seek proposals for the services of a policy analyst to conduct an analysis of the range and mix of regulatory and non-regulatory instruments that may be available to contribute to the development of a modern performance-based program, policy and regulatory framework. The CFIA has established funding for this project at a maximum amount of $30,000. Solicitation closes at: 14:00 hours local time (Ottawa, Ontario) On: January 10th, 2012 
31185.txt	CULVERTS, STEEL ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Infrastructure and Transportation- Highways DATE ISSUED: 27/10/2011 ISSUED BY: Rene Nolette TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG PROJECT: FLOOD REPAIRS RIVERTON - FISHER BRANCH AREA  ITEM QTY DESCRIPTION DELIVERY NO. DATE ======================================================== ITEM 10 10/11/2011 54.000 Meter GSIN: N4710MATERIAL: 8360 CULVERT, STEEL, 13 X 68 CORRUGATION, 900 MM DIAMETER, 2.0 MM THICKNESS FOUR - 6M SECTIONS TWO - 7M SECTIONS TWO - 8M SECTIONS ======================================================== ITEM 20 10/11/2011 16.000 Meter GSIN: N4710MATERIAL: 37099 CULVERT, STEEL, 13 X 68 CORRUGATION, 1050 MM DIAMETER, 2.8 MM THICKNESS TWO - 8M SECTIONS ======================================================== ITEM 30 10/11/2011 31.000 Meter GSIN: N4710MATERIAL: 8302 CULVERT, STEEL, 13 X 68 CORRUGATION, 1200 MM DIAMETER, 2.8 MM THICKNESS ONE - 7M SECTION THREE - 8M SECTIONS ======================================================== ITEM 40 10/11/2011 4.00 Each GSIN: N4730MATERIAL: 8400 CULVERT, COUPLER, STEEL, 13 X 68 CORRUGATION, 900 MM DIAMETER, 600 MM LENGTH ======================================================== ITEM 50 10/11/2011 1.00 Each GSIN: N4730MATERIAL: 8404 CULVERT, COUPLER, STEEL, 13 X 68 CORRUGATION, 1050 MM DIAMETER, 600 MM LENGTH ======================================================== ITEM 60 10/11/2011 2.00 Each GSIN: N4710MATERIAL: 37133 CULVERT, COUPLER, STEEL, 13 X 68 CORRUGATION, 1200 MM DIAMETER, 600 MM LENGTH ======================================================== SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS: 1. MATERIAL REQUIRED ON OR BEFORE NOVEMBER 10, 2011. 2. LIQUIDATED DAMAGES IN THE AMOUNT OF $100.00 PER DAY WILL BE CHARGED FOR LATE DELIVERY. 3. CULVERTS, COUPLERS AND FASTENERS SHALL BE PROVIDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SPECIFICATIONS FOR THE SUPPLY AND DELIVERY OF CORRUGATED STEEL CULVERTS, NO 1285, DATED MAY 1997. 4. TO BE DELIVERED F.O.B. DESTINATION AND UNLOADED BY THE SUPPLIER/DELIVERY COMPANY TO THE SATISFACTION OF THE DEPARTMENT. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD FOR "GOODS" OR "GOODS WITH RELATED SERVICES" DEFINITIONS "Aboriginal Business" means a business that is at least 51% Aboriginal owned and controlled and, if it has six or more full-time employees, at least one-third of its employees must be Aboriginal persons. "Aboriginal Business Directory" means a business directory f Aboriginal businesses that meet Manitoba's definition of an Aboriginal business. "Aboriginal Business Standard" means terms and conditions that indicate that Aboriginal business participation is desirable but not mandatory. "Aboriginal Person" means a First Nations, Non-status Indian, Metis or Inuit person who is a Canadian citizen and resident in Canada. ABORIGINAL PROCUREMENT INITIATIVE Manitoba is committed to community economic development as a key component of its economic strategy. It intends to develop a provincial economy that is more inclusive, equitable and sustainable. Procurement practices are one means that can be used to contribute to the growth of Aboriginal businesses. In that regard, Manitoba developed the Aboriginal Procurement Initiative (API). The objective of API is to increase the participation of Aboriginal business in providing goods and services to Manitoba. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD Aboriginal participation is desired but bids will not be disqualified if there is no Aboriginal business participation. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS DIRECTORY Manitoba has established a directory of Aboriginal businesses called the "Aboriginal Business Directory". This directory is a list of Aboriginal businesses (including non profit rganizations and economic development corporations) that have self declared as an Aboriginal Business meeting the definition under the API. It is neither comprehensive nor exhaustive but may be a useful resource to identifying Aboriginal businesses for potential partnering or sub-contracting purposes. Aboriginal businesses not listed in the Directory may also be used. Registration in the Aboriginal Business Directory does not guarantee certification as an Aboriginal business, as business status may change; therefore formal certification is required in the formal tender process. Aboriginal businesses are encouraged to register by contacting Procurement Services Branch. For further information on the Aboriginal Business Directory, registration forms and access to a copy of the Aboriginal Business Directory please see the following website: URL_TAG Mark Freedman Vendor Relations Coordinator Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation 2nd Floor - 270 Osborne Street N. Winnipeg, Manitoba, POSTALCODE_TAG Ph: 204-945-0826 Email: EMAIL_TAG CANADIAN FUNDS Manitoba prefers to receive quotations in Canadian Funds. If the pricing offered is quoted in a currency other than Canadian then the currency is to be clearly identified n the quote document. Proposed Delivery Address: F.O.B. DELIVERED AND UNLOADED AT THE MANITOBA HIGHWAYS MAINTENANCE YARD AT RIVERTON MB, ADJACENT TO PR 329, 2KM WEST OF ITS JCT WITH PTH 8, IN THE S.W. 1/4 OF SECTION 19-23-4E. PLEASE CONTACT DANIEL GUDBJARTSON AT PHONENUMBER_TAG 48 HOURS PRIOR TO DELIVERY. TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO: MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION CONTRACT SERVICES 1630 - 215 GARRY STREET WINNIPEG MB POSTALCODE_TAG 
39268.txt	Fuel Storage Tank Replacement, Bruce Mines, ON The work under this contract encompasses the removal and disposal of the existing underground fuel storage tanks, as well as the supply, delivery and installation of the following new tanks and distribution system: One (1) minimum 4,500 Litre working capacity horizontal aboveground diesel fuel (Class II product) storage tank with secondary containment and submersible pump. One (1) minimum 4,500 Litre working capacity horizontal aboveground gasoline (Class I product) storage tank with secondary containment and submersible pump. Two (2) fuel dispensing/pumping stations (one diesel and one gasoline) Other work to include the installation of access platforms and stairs, concrete foundations, protection bollards, drainage system, and all related appurtenances shall be installed for each tank. 
35432.txt	USBL ACOUSTIC TRACKING Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: USBL ACOUSTIC TRACKING W7707-125443/A Gillis, Floyd Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Defense Research and Development Canada (DRDC), Dartmouth, Nova Scotia has a requirement for the following: i. One (1) Ultra Short Base Line (USBL) Transceiver ii. One (1) Ultra Short Base Line (USBL) Transponder iii. One (1) Ultra Short Base Line (USBL) Navigator software system. iv. One (1) 100 foot (minimum) transceiver deck cable. The items are required to monitor sub-surface objects being towed behind DRDC's research vessel, CFAV Quest. Mandatory Delivery: Prior to 31 March 2012. Full technical requirement forms part of the Request for Proposal (RFP) solicitation document. This ofiice provides service to the public in English. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Gillis, Floyd 1713 Bedford Row Halifax, N.S./Halifax, (N.É.) POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35515.txt	Village of Grunthal - Wastewater Stabilization Pond Expansion Sealed tenders marked as follows will be received at the office of the Consultant: GENIVAR, 10 Prairie Way, Winnipeg, Manitoba POSTALCODE_TAG Up to 11:00 a.m., prevailing Winnipeg time on Friday, December 16, 2011 for the following Works: The 2012 construction of the Village of Grunthal wastewater stabilization pond expansion; consisting of stripping, excavation and embankment (122,000 m3), supply and installation of a 30-mil PVC liner system (52,720 m2), upgrading of the existing lagoon cells, rip rap and associated works, located in NW 20-5-5 EPM (west of the Village of Grunthal). A meeting of General Contractors was held at the stabilization pond site at 10:00 a.m., prevailing Manitoba time, on Friday, October 21, 2011, at which time the site and soil conditions were viewed and test holes were dug.  Marked Village of Grunthal  Wastewater Stabilization Pond Expansion Tenders will be publicly opened and read at the location, time and date specified above. Tender documents may be obtained on or after 10:00 a.m., Friday, December 2, 2011 at GENIVAR, 10 Prairie Way, Winnipeg, Manitoba POSTALCODE_TAG on the deposit of a non-refundable CERTIFIED CHEQUE in the amount of $50.00 for each Tender package, made payable to GENIVAR.  The lowest or any tender may not necessarily be accepted. Any addenda issued during the Tender period will be via e-mail. Any questions on this tender shall be directed to: R.-L. (Bobbi) Azevedo, CHRP | Office Manager GENIVAR | Global Engineering Solutions 10 Prairie Way, The Waters Business Park SW Corner of Mazenod & Dugald Roads Winnipeg, Manitoba POSTALCODE_TAG T 204-477-6650 ext #11002 | F 204-474-2864 | email: EMAIL_TAG URL_TAG 
27706.txt	Installation of a fence at the ammunition depot DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – # VR100101 – Installation of a fence at the ammunition depot, Valcartier Garrison (QC) The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment necessary to install a chain link fence with an approximate length of 1369 metres long and 3.04 metres high, 0.30 metres underground and 2.74 metres above including the barbed-wire overhang For DCC Tender Board Projects, Plans and Specifications (P&S) are picked up at the DCC Site Office located at the following address: Defence Construction Canada Valcartier Garrison De la Victoire Street Building 72 Room 104, P.O. Box1000 Station Forces Courcelette (Quebec) POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG X 4702 The MERX order confirmation number authorizing the order of Project # VR100101 must be presented to the DCC Site Office when picking up P&S. A MERX order confirmation number can be obtained from MERX by logging on their website: URL_TAG THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. A site meeting will be held at the following date, time and location. It is highly recommended that bidders attend this site meeting. Date: October 25th, 2011 Time: 10:00 A.M. hours, local time. Location: Defence Construction Canada, Valcartier Garrison, De la Victoire Street, Building 72, Room 104, Courcelette (Quebec) POSTALCODE_TAG The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $ 137,000.00 Bidders are advised that bid and contract security is required when the advertised project budget (estimated cost for this opportunity) is greater than $100,000.00. Refer to the Instructions to Tenderers (Form DCL193 (R-07-08)), paragraph 4. This procurement follows tendering procedures in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Agreement on Internal Trade.  The tender closing date is: November 08th, 2011 The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time. Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: Defence Construction Canada Valcartier Garrison De la Victoire Street Building 72 Room 104, P.O. Box1000 Station Forces Courcelette (Quebec) POSTALCODE_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association and the DCC Site Office in the project area. Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the Bid Opening Office and from the DCC Site at telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG X 4702. Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact anyone other than the DCC Contracting Authority to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS -VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG 
31196.txt	Opportunity Description: AHS is seeking to purchase a Medical Transport Vehicle. The new vehicle must be suitable for the transport of ambulatory, wheelchair and stretcher passengers. 
31172.txt	Preparation of Provincial Park Management Plans – MB Conservation Central Region Manitoba Conservation is seeking the services of a consultant to prepare a series of concise (8-10 page) management plans for twenty-one provincial parks in Manitoba's central region. The proponent will compile information, facilitate working sessions, prepare, review and finalize management plans for each park, prepare public consultation materials and serve as a presenter/facilitator at one public drop-in session. Parks include: Beaver Creek, Duff Roblin, Elk Island, Hnausa Beach, Hyland, Lake St. Andrew, Lake St. George, Lundar Beach, Lockport, Memorial Park, Norris Lake, Patricia Beach, Pembina Valley, Portage Spillway, River Road, St. Norbert, Stephenfield, Trappist Monastery, Watchorn, Winnipeg Beach and Yellow Quill.  A proponent meeting to review project specifications with prospective consultants will be held in Boardroom A - 200 Saulteaux Crescent on Tuesday, November 8, 2011 from 10:30 a.m. – 12:00 noon. For further information and copy of the tender documents please contact:  Manitoba Conservation  Parks and Natural Areas Branch Phone: Cathy Hummelt PHONENUMBER_TAG Alt. phone: Ken Schykulski PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG 
39172.txt	BAGPIPES PARTS, DRUM HEADS, MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: BAGPIPES PARTS, DRUM HEADS, MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS W010S-12H245/A Richard, Linda K. Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG 12 Wing Shearwater, Shearwater, Nova Scotia requires the purchase of various bagpipe parts, drum heads, and musical instruments. MANDATORY DDP Shearwater, NS by 30 March 2012. Firms who cannot meet this delivery will be deemed non-responsive and their bid will not receive further consideration. If your firm is awarded a contract with a mandatory 30 March 2011 delivery and the delivery is not received by this date, your firm agrees that the contract may be terminated for mutual consent and each Party release the other from any past, present and future obligations under the contract. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Richard, Linda K. 1713 Bedford Row Halifax, N.S./Halifax, (N.É.) POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37193.txt	Waste container with built-in compactor Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Request for proposal for the supply, delivery, installation and start-up of a waste container with built-in compactor at Ste-Anne hospital at Ste-Anne de Bellevue in Montreal, Quebec. Quantity: 1 Requested for delivery on or before 30th March 2012. All the details regarding this request are mentionned in the Request for Proposal. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Ghali, Camille Place Bonaventure, portail Sud-Est 800, rue de La Gauchetière Ouest 7 ième étage Montréal Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28952.txt	Courier Services Within Winnipeg City ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Procurement Services Branch DATE ISSUED: 13/10/2011 ISSUED BY: Shaun Ritchie TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG Winnipeg Child and Family Services requires the services of a professional courier company for throughout the City of Winnipeg. NOTE: Purchasing Agent: Shaun Ritchie - phone PHONENUMBER_TAG (or) email: EMAIL_TAG Please contact the individual noted above if additional information r clarification is required on the following items. To be delivered as & when required from December 1, 2011 TO November 30,2013 The delivery date (if shown) is actually the end of the contract ASSOCIATED COMPONENTS (that is, Request for Quotation-(RFQ)) documents must be purchased from MERX to be considered. To obtain the official RFQ document please follow the "Associated Components: Preview/Order" link at the top of this page. Bidders must "login" to MERX to access the General Terms & Conditions which apply to this RFQ, in addition to those shown below. After "login" follow the links - Information - Government Publications - Manitoba Terms and Conditions - Request for Quotation If you have faxed your quote to PSB and wish to confirm that all pages have been received please call our general inquiry line PHONENUMBER_TAG Vendor#s e-mail address: (if available)   Quantity clarification: quantity listed contains 2 or 3 decimals  ITEM QTY DESCRIPTION DELIVERY NO. DATE ======================================================== ITEM 10 30/11/2013 60,000.00 Dollar GSIN: R103AMATERIAL: 50000930 COURIER SERVICES, BY DOLLAR AS PER ATTACHED SPECIFICATION RFQ: 09S0018628, COURIER SERVICES FOR WINNIPEG CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES MUST MEET OR EXCEED ATTACHED SPECIFICATION ======================================================== Winnipeg Child and Family Services requires the services of a professional courier company for throughout the City of Winnipeg. The Agreement shall be for the period commencing December 1, 2011 and ending November 30, 2013 with an option to extend for an additional year. THE DELIVERY DATE SHOWN IS ACTUALLY THE END OF THE CONTRACT UNLESS THE CONTRACT HAS BEEN EXTENDED. THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ANY GUARANTEE OF BUSINESS. IT DOES HOWEVER, OUTLINE THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO BE APPLIED WHEN A PURCHASE TRANSACTION OCCURS. ANY UNUSED PORTION AS OF THE END OF THE CONTRACT SHALL BE CONSIDERED CANCELLED. NOTE: ALL BID DOCUMENTS MUST BE RETURNED OR BID MAY BE REJECTED AS STATED IN RFQ: 09S0018628, COURIER SERVICES FOR WINNIPEG CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES NOTE TO BIDDER: AS STATED IN SECTION C3.0 BID CONTENT THE FOLLOWING MUST BE RETURNED WITH BID: COMPLETED FORM OF OFFER "G", CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE, COMPLETED APPENDIX "B" BID FORM, REFERENCES, TENDER DOCUMENT, DELIVERY /SERVICE QUALITY The length of delivery time and overall service to the end user is important and may be monitored. Failure to provide acceptable delivery and/or service may result in the cancellation of the balance of the contract LIABILITY: Manitoba shall not be liable for any injury to the Contractor, or to any fficers, employees or agents of the Contractor, or for any damage to r loss of property of the Contractor, or of the officers, employees or agents of the Contractor, caused by or any way related to the performance of this Agreement. Above does not apply if the injury, damage or loss was caused by the wrongful or negligent act of an officer or employee of Manitoba while acting within the scope of his or her employment. INDEMNIFICATION BY CONTRACTOR The Contractor shall use due care in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement to ensure that no person is injured, no property is damaged or lost and no rights are infringed. Without limiting any ther rights or remedies of Manitoba against the Contractor or any ther person, the Contractor shall be solely responsible for: a) any injury to persons (including death), damage or loss to property r infringement of rights caused by, or related to, the performance of the Services or any term of this Agreement or the breach of any terms or condition of this Agreement by the Contractor, or the officers, employees, subcontractors or agents of the Contractor; and b) any omission or wrongful or negligent act of the Contractor, or of the officers, employees, subcontractors or agents of the Contractor; and shall save harmless and indemnify Manitoba, its officers, employees and agents from and against all claims, liabilities and demands with respect to clauses (a) and (b) together with all costs, expenses and fees associated therewith. GOVERNING LAWS Manitoba requires its suppliers to adhere to provincial labour laws and, where businesses use sources outside of Canada, Manitoba expects suppliers to comply with local labour laws in the country of manufacture TERMINATION 1.1. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, immediately terminate a purchase order/contract in writing if: a) the vendor fails to properly fulfill, perform, satisfy and carry out each and every one of its obligations under the purchase order/contract, r b) the vendor fails or refuses to comply with a verbal or written request or direction from Manitoba within three(3) days of receiving the request or direction; or c) the vendor become bankrupt or insolvent or liquidates; or d) a receiver, trustee or custodian is appointed for the assets of the vendor, or any partner thereof; or e) the vendor or any partner thereof makes a compromise, arrangement, or assignment with or for the benefit of the creditors of the vendor or of that partner, as the case may be; or f) the vendor fails to secure or renew any license or permit for the vendors business required by law; or any such license or permit is revoked or suspended; or g) the vendor or any partner, officer or director of the vendor is found guilty of an indictable offence; or h) the vendor fails to comply with any law or regulation relating to the employment of its employees; or i) the vendor at any time engages in any activities or trade practices which, in the opinion of Manitoba, are prejudicial to the interests of Manitoba, or a department or agency thereof; or j) there is a breach of any provision of the purchase order/contract. k) the goods provided by the vendor are not according to the contract or therwise unsatisfactory; or l) the services provided by the vendor are unsatisfactory, inadequate, r are improperly performed; or m) the vendor has failed to meet the delivery date indicated on the purchase order/contract or repeatedly failed to meet the delivery lead time, indicated on the purchase order/contract. 1.2. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, terminate the purchase rder/contract at any time by giving at least 30 days written notice to the vendor prior to the intended termination date. This termination may be used for those instances where there are program changes, funding changes, etc. All purchases by Manitoba under the purchase rder/contract are subject to and expressly conditional upon the Legislature of Manitoba duly appropriating funds to the fiscal year in which they are required to be paid. For the multi-year contracts the RFQ/contract term #fiscal year# means the period commencing April 1st of ne year and ending on March 31st of the next ensuing year. TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE Time shall be of the essence of the contract. PUBLICITY, MEDIA, OFFICIAL ENQUIRIES AND ADVERTISING: Neither the bidder nor its suppliers/vendors, employees nor consultants shall make any public statement making reference to, or relating to the existence or performance of the purchase order/contract in any advertising, testimonials or promotional material without the prior written consent of the Province of Manitoba, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The provision of this condition shall apply during the extension of a purchase order/contract and indefinitely after its expiry or termination. CONFIDENTIALITY: The content of this RFQ and any other information received by the Bidder relating to the RFQ, gained through the RFQ process or otherwise, is to be treated in strict confidentiality. The Bidder shall not disclose any f the information in whole or in part to anyone not specifically involved in the preparation of the Bidder's quotation, unless written consent is secured from Manitoba prior to the said disclosure. The bligation of each Bidder to maintain confidentiality shall survive the expiration or the acceptance/rejection of their quotation and/or any resulting Contract/ Agreement(s) to supply the requirements of this RFQ. FAVOURED CUSTOMER CLAUSE: If during the period of the offer the Bidders offers for sale like quality and quantity similar to customers at more favourable terms, the current quoted price shall be immediately altered to a level that reflects the same favourable terms. PROVISION OF GOODS/SERVICES TO MANITOBA BOARDS, ET AL: During the term of the Agreement, or any renewal thereof, the Contractor agrees to offer the goods/services upon written approval of PSB: a) to corporations, boards commissions, councils, bureaus, agencies or associations that are controlled by the Government of Manitoba, or all f the members of which are appointed by the Government of Manitoba, whether by order-in-council or legislation or by a Minister of the Government of Manitoba; release of the purchase order/outline agreement will be at PSB#s discretion; and b) To agencies that are funded by the Government of Manitoba only, or suppliers of essential services in the Province of Manitoba. On the same terms and conditions of the Agreement and at prices that do not exceed prices charged to Manitoba for the goods/services. It shall be in the sole discretion of such entity whether or not it wishes to receive the benefit of this provision. If an entity wishes to avail itself of this provision, it may do so directly by issuing its own Release Purchase order to the Contractor, in which case any agreement resulting from said Release Purchase Order will be between the entity and the Contractor, and Manitoba will not be a party thereto. VENDOR INFORMATION: RIGHT TO REISSUE RFQ Manitoba reserves the right to cancel and/or reissue the RFQ where, in Manitoba's sole opinion, none of the quotes submitted in response to the RFQ warrant acceptance or where it would be in the best interests of Manitoba to do so. Costs incurred in the preparation, presentation and submission of a quote shall be borne entirely by the Bidder. Manitoba shall not reimburse any bidders for any costs if the RFQ is cancelled or reissued. AUTHORIZED VENDOR Manitoba reserves the right, prior to any contract award, to secure evidence to Manitoba's satisfaction that any bidder is the manufacturer r an authorized distributor, dealer or retailer of the goods offered and is authorized to sell these goods in Manitoba, Canada and upon request will provide Manitoba with written evidence thereof. INVOICING AND PAYMENT Subject to the following subsections, in consideration the goods provided or delivered to the satisfaction of Manitoba, Manitoba shall pay the Contractor an amount not exceeding the amount specified in the successful Contractor#s bid submission. All invoices shall be issued in writing and satisfactory to Manitoba in both form and content. The contractor shall also provide to Manitoba such supporting documents, vouchers, statements and receipts as requested by Manitoba. Manitoba shall endeavor to pay the Contractor any fees due within 30 days net after the receipt and approval of the invoice and any supporting materials requested. CANADIAN FUNDS Manitoba prefers to receive quotations in Canadian funds. If the pricing offered is quoted in a currency other than Canadian then the currency must be clearly identified on the quote document. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE ADDRESS Due to our computerized accounts payable system please advise if your invoice address (accounts receivable) is the same as the address for orders / quotes shown above YES   or NO   If NO provide complete details i.e. box #, street address, city, province, postal code, etc.  MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX LICENSE Are you licensed by Manitoba Finance to collect and remit Manitoba's Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO  If NO disregard the following paragraph. MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX Is the product(s) offered subject to Manitoba's Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO   If the quote consists of both taxable (T) and non-taxable ( NT) items please indicate T or NT opposite each item offered. YOUR QUOTATION REFERENCE # (if applicable)   Proposed Delivery Address: AS PER REQUEST FOR QUOTATION #09S0018628 TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO: Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Transportation and Government Services 2nd Flr - 270 Osborne St. N. Winnipeg, MB, Canada. POSTALCODE_TAG (or)FAX quote toPHONENUMBER_TAG 
31184.txt	Building Security System - Preventive and Corrective Maintenance Program The purpose of this RFP is to seek proposals for services related to:  Preventative & Corrective Maintenance Program for the Physical Security Access Control of National Headquarters (NHQ) Buildings other than the Skyline Complex. MANDATORY EVALUATION CRITERIA The mandatory evaluation criteria of this RFP are: 1. Bidders must provide proof they have the capacity and local presence in the National Capital Region (NCR) (Ottawa) area in order to provide full time system maintenance activities as described in the Statement of Work, Section 3 of the RFP.  2. Bidders must be licensed and certified in RBH Access Technologies Inc. as an authorized dealer and integrator of the Axiom products in good standing which will permit the Bidder to maintain, on behalf of CFIA, the necessary equipment to meet the requirements of the resulting contract. The license and certification must be assured for the full term of the contract. Proof of certification is required with bid. The Contractor must submit a RBH Technologies letter or certificate at bid closing. 3. Bidders must have a minimum of ten (10) years of experience with security, Closed-circuit Video Equipment (CCVE) video systems, intrusion detection and access control systems of similar or greater complexity to those systems already installed in the building referenced in the Statement of Work, Section 3 this RFP. 4. Bidders must provide proof they have two (2) fully factory trained and certified technicians with level 3 on the Axiom/Enterprise Edition for staff in Ottawa. 5. Bidders must demonstrate the capacity to dedicate one (1) primary and one (1) backup security engineer authorized under the Province of Ontario to approve fire alarm systems and fire emergency exits including doors and hardware connected to both the fire alarm system and/or security access control system, Ontario Building Codes and City of Ottawa regulations for the duration of the contract. The Contractor must submit a resume for each proposed security engineer at bid closing. 6. The Bidder's firm and all security system technicians must have a valid Secret level security clearance with Public Works and Government Service Canada at bid closing. 7. Bidders must attend and participate in the Mandatory Site visit scheduled on Wednesday, November 2, 2011 at 9:00a.m., Ottawa. Bids received from non participating Bidders will not be considered. Inquiries: Ashley Bennett Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG  Alternate: Brian Spero Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG 
36933.txt	The scope of this RFP includes supply of material and installation of the new material at Keyanos College Suncor Energy Industrial Campus as per drawing in Section 9; attachment 1. We are looking for contractors who are willing to work under a Time and Material plus Mark-up type contract with work to be completed by January 10th, 2012. Scope of work to be completed could consist but is not limited to the following; 1. Replace existing Sodium Halide Lighting Fixtures (new lighting fixtures are on site) Qty (18-24) 2. Working with 120/208v and 347/600v 3. Adding electrical outlets 4. Electrical Panel re-configuration and or addition 5. Breakers 6. Wiring 7. Wall Terminations 8. Electrical resource audit Work is within our Maintenance Shop for Heavy Equipment and will require working at heights with a scissor lift or man lift. Ceiling heights are roughly 30. Work will also take place in one classroom as per attached drawings. Contact : Sandra Lanz Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : 780-791-1555 Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
37219.txt	Supply and Delivery of Digital Projectors - Standing Agreement The Ottawa-Carleton District School Board (OCDSB) on behalf of the Ottawa Catholic School Board (OCSB) and itself, collectively referred to as the "Purchaser", is seeking pricing for the supply and delivery of digital projectors on a standing agreement basis. 
39130.txt	RFI - Ottawa Arts Court Expansion & Redevelopment Project – 2 Daly Avenue and 60-70 Waller Street This Notice will remain on Merx until Feb 29, 2012. REQUEST FOR INFORMATION  Ottawa Arts Court Expansion & Redevelopment Project – 2 Daly Avenue and 60-70 Waller Street Request for Information No. 01411-90957-I01 Arts Court is located at 2 Daly Avenue and 60-70 Waller Street, in the heart of Ottawa's cultural precinct, in the City's downtown core. It is ideally situated between the University of Ottawa to the East and Rideau Centre shopping centre to the west, which itself is linked to the City of Ottawa's new Ottawa Convention Centre. The City's future Light Rail Transit system, currently in the Request for Proposals stage, contains planned stations at each of the Rideau Centre and University of Ottawa locations, within easy walking distance of the Arts Court site. The LRT Downtown Ottawa Transit Tunnel and transit stations are anticipated to be constructed by 2018. The City of Ottawa is seeking information from real estate developers, builders and consortia (Respondents), who may be interested in purchasing the air rights to design, build, finance, own and operate a residential, office or hotel tower above a planned expansion to its Arts Court facility. The project will also include subterranean rights related to underground parking. The Request for Information (RFI) aims to gauge the level of interest from the marketplace in a development model that would seek a Respondent to own and construct the private sector tower component in addition to delivering the Arts Court facility expansion under a traditional design-build contract. The design-build Request for Proposals (RFP) is targeted for release on MERX in the fall of 2012. Respondents are encouraged to participate in the RFI by responding to the written questions, and by requesting Commercially Confidential Meetings (CCMs) with the City to seek both clarification on this opportunity and provide feedback. CCMs will permit an open exchange between the City and the Respondents, and will provide valuable industry insight and feedback that will be used to develop the Terms of Reference for the RFP. The RFI is inclusive and flexible and is not designed to pre-qualify Respondents. A potential Respondent who does not participate in the RFI is not precluded from participating in any future procurement (RFQ and/or RFP).  The written responses to the questions should be submitted on or before 15 February 2012, prior to the end of business day. In addition, all requests for Commercially Confidential Meetings are to be made to the Administrative Authority on or before 03 February 2012. Copies of the Request for Information (RFI) document can be obtained by contacting the Administrative Authority by e-mail: City of Ottawa  Finance Department Supply Branch 100 Constellation Crescent 4th Floor, West Tower Ottawa, ON POSTALCODE_TAG Attention: Brian T. Hum Title: Analyst, Strategic Sourcing & Supply Chain Management Telephone: 613)PHONENUMBER_TAG, ext. 25833 Facsimile: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG All information submitted in response to this RFI is subject to the provisions of the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
37226.txt	Body Armor - NB Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Please Note that the NBON HELP Line and the Central Purchasing Branch will be  closed from December 23, 2011 to and including January 2, 2012. Assistance will not be available during this period. Sizing for all employees must be done no later than January 17, 2012. All Body Armor must be delivered by March 23, 2012. If bidding a SUBSTITUTE product(s), vendors should indicate clearly on the tender  document the original manufacturer's make and model numbers. Vendors should include DETAILED specifications on the product(s) being bid WITH their tender submission. Vendors  are also REQUIRED to include warranty and service information WITH their tender submission. Failure to comply with all terms and conditions of this tender may result in  REJECTION of your submission. The Province of New Brunswick will be the sole judge of equivalency. This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. RETURN TO: CENTRAL TENDERING BRANCH P.O. Box 8000  Fredericton, N.B.  POSTALCODE_TAG  Marysville Place Room Number 205, 20 McGloin Street Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Public opening of bids will take place on closing day at 14:00 Atlantic Time, in  Marysville Place, Room 205, 20 McGloin Street, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG. All bids must be stated in Canadian Funds. All tenders must be F.O.B. destination, freight prepaid. Sales taxes should not be included in the unit, extended or total prices. This Invitation is being conducted under the provisions of the Public Purchasing  Act and Regulation as of the date of the issuance of the Invitation. Bidders may  btain a copy of the Act and Regulation from The Queen's Printer, Province of  N.B., P.O. Box 6000, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG The Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms & Conditions for Goods and Services apply  to this procurement and are considered to be incorporated into this document. By  submitting a bid, you agree and accept these terms and conditions. Current "Atlantic  Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions" are available on the New Brunswick  Opportunities Network, the Council of Atlantic Premiers' Website or from an authorized  service provider. A bidder must obtain official bid documents from a distribution service, authorized  by the Minister of Supply and Services, in order to submit a bid. The current  authorized distribution services are the New Brunswick Opportunities Network  (NBON) (operated by the Department of Supply and Services, Province of NB),  BIDS (operated by Tendering Publications Ltd.) and MERX (operated by  Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Failure to submit the official bid documents  r provide proof that the official bid documents were properly obtained will result in  rejection of the bid. In order to facilitate the evaluation process, Bidders are  requested to respond in the same format as the official bid documents. For procurements which are not subject to the provisions of one or more of the  interprovincial procurement agreements, the Province of New Brunswick reserves  the right to apply Provincial or regional Preferences, consider local content in  the evaluation of bids and/or refuse to consider bids from vendors from other  jurisdictions when it is considered to be in the best interests of the Province.  When determining the use of these conditions, the Province will consider, among  ther factors, the extent to which New Brunswick vendors have access to equivalent procurement  pportunities in those jurisdictions and the treatment accorded by those jurisdictions  to bids from New Brunswick vendors. The Province will be the sole judge of whether  these conditions will be used and the extent to which they will be applied. All discounts quoted will be considered to be without limitations. Payment of invoices is the responsibility of the department or organization to  whom the goods are shipped or services are supplied. Award of contracts: no contract shall be awarded and no payment shall be made to  a vendor unless authorized by the Minister or his delegates. The Minister may  make an award to the preferred vendor conditional on the negotiation and acceptance  f a detailed contract between the Province and the vendor. In such cases, should  the detailed contract negotiations not be completed in a reasonable period of  time, the Province reserves the right to discontinue negotiations with the vendor  and subsequently enter into negotiations with the second preferred vendor. No right or duty, in whole or in part, of the vendor under a contract issued may  be assigned or delegated without the prior consent of the Central Purchasing Branch. Unless the Central Purchasing Branch has determined otherwise prior to tender  closing, all prices must be extended and totalled. Direct Deposit The province of New Brunswick is now using Direct Deposit as the standard method of government payments. Suppliers are required to provide bank account  information (and email address if available) for remittance. Please send the completed Direct Deposit Form to the New Brunswick Internal  Services Agency as indicated on the form. Bidders are requested to include specifications on product quoted with the bid. NATURAL RESOURCES REGIONAL SUPPORT SERVICES 1350 Regent St, Ancillary Bldg, Rm 275 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG 1: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 100 Organisation id : 3575 Description :  -Point Blank/Paca custom OD green external carrier or equivalent to exact  specification and color. No substitutes on color or material. -Side opening -OD green hook & loop side closure on fabric with removable 6 inch elastic  side straps. -Ballistic panels load body side, hook & loop opening -OD green nylon webbing across both sides of front shoulder piece for mic clip -Loop velcro on right side chest above zippered pockets for name bar -Zippered hidden pockets both sides. -1 ½" x 2 ¼" (when closed) hoop/loop/fabric tab on left side -Right side pocket has sewn in fabric with Natural Resources flash sewn on that  can be hidden inside or seen outside zippered pocket. Flash to be provided by  the Department following the awarding of the tender -(2) pockets on front of carrier (side by side) with hoop & loop flap closure -Left side pocket has compartment inside with opening top & bottom -Right side pocket has compartments inside with opening on top, bottom closed,  separated by stitch line -Back has loop velcro centered across shoulder blade area -Zippered pocket on back with sewn OD green, pull-down flap, bilingual ID w/  white letters centered to read: Line 1: AGENT DE Line 2: CONSERVATION Line 3: OFFICER -Internal carrier to be black with ThorShield EWP protection and Outlast  Temperature regulating system in carrier. -Carrier has water resistant outer shell, anti-microbial with zero-drag micro-fiber. -External and internal carriers to have patented Self Suspending Ballistic System  (SSBS) -Removable, adjustable, 4" internal cummerbund strap -Trauma insert pockets front and back to accommodate 5" (x) 8" or 8" (x) 10"  trauma insert plates -Level (IIIA) ballistics -5x8 soft trauma pad -Princess cuts for female members -NIJ .06 certified ballistics This procurement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement on Internal Trade,  the Atlantic Procurement Agreement and the Quebec-New Brunswick Procurement Agreement. Michèle Richardson Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
39133.txt	University of Ottawa file 2011069-rfp «Supply and Delivery of New Chiller for Roger Guindon Building This Request for Proposals ("RFP") is an invitation by the University of Ottawa (the "University") to prospective Proponents to submit proposals for the Supply and Delivery of a new Chiller further described in Part 2 – The Deliverables (the "Deliverables"). The supplier will have to supply and deliver one (1) 1,050 (one thousand fifty) tons nominal capacity variable speed centrifugal chiller. The chiller will have to operate at the conditions described in this document and in the contract terms and conditions. 2 Delivery The maximum delivery delay for the complete equipment, chiller and electrical transformer, to be on site will be 12 (twelve) weeks or less.  The chiller has to be delivered by truck at the University of Ottawa Roger-Guindon building disassembled in parts that have a maximum width of six (6) feet. The chiller parts unloading, hoisting and transport to its final position will be done by a contractor chosen subsequently by the University of Ottawa. A specialized technician from the chiller supplier must be present on site to supervise all the operation done by this contractor. Also, specialized technician(s) from the chiller supplier will be responsible for the reassembly of the chiller, including its piping, control and electrical connections between chillers' different parts. For all information, please order document from Merx. 
28956.txt	Tender for supply and delivery of Winter Sand to Chezzetcook Base in Halifax County. Tender for supply and delivery of Winter Sand to Chezzetcook Base in Halifax County. Department / Agency Name Transportation and Infrastructure Renewal Closing Closing on Thursday, October 27, 2011 at 02:00 PM AST. Location: Public Tenders Office, 6176 Young Street, Suite 200, Halifax, NS POSTALCODE_TAG Opening Opening on Thursday, October 27, 2011 at 02:30 PM AST. Location: same as close location Posted 12 October 2011 Trade Agreement Atlantic Procurement Agreement Category Goods: Y | Services: N | Construction: N Pickup Fee N/A Addendum N Addendum Notes  Contact Public Tenders Office ,TelPHONENUMBER_TAG,FaxPHONENUMBER_TAG or Website URL_TAG Memorandum Project No: 11-HFX EAST-03 Contact person: Darcey MacBain - PHONENUMBER_TAG Awarded Date  Awarded Amount  Awarded Vendor  Award Memo  Bid Express This tender is listed only on Nova Scotia Procurement Services website.  Note: All amendments to the associated document  are issued by the originator of the RFP.  MERX asks you to contact the government  agency directly for these amendments.  The contact information can be found within  the main tender document. 
39118.txt	PARK PATROL OFFICER TRAINING Manitoba Conservation, Compliance and Field Services, is looking for an approved external training provider to certify seasonal candidates for Park enforcement work. Training would be approximately 80+ hours in length and occur in the first two weeks of May, 2012 Please see the Request for Proposal attached for detailed information. If you have any further questions please contact: Jack Harrigan Training and Standards Coordinator Government of Manitoba Manitoba Conservation Regional Services and Parks Compliance and Field Services Box 44 200 Saulteaux Crescent Winnipeg, Manitoba POSTALCODE_TAG Phone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG email: EMAIL_TAG 
31160.txt	The City of Calgarys Community Services & Protective Services (CS&PS) require on-going, project based management consulting services that will facilitate the implementation of various business improvement initiatives. The CS&PS work plan lays out the Business Units objectives, strategies and actions. The work plan supports key strategic results and goals identified in long term Departmental and Corporate business plans with the aim of delivering the best quality of services that meets or exceeds the citizens expectations. These engagements will be managed by the Strategic Services function of CS&PS; Strategic Services performs a departmental function linking department-level processes and leading CS&PS-wide initiatives. Contact : Alissa Shivji Téléphone : 403-268-4883 Télécopieur : 403-268.5523 Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
37310.txt	HealthPRO - ACAN (Advance Contract Award Notice) for Sucrose Solution HealthPRO Procurement Services Inc. (hereinafter referred to as HealthPRO), in an ongoing effort to provide its membership with contracts covering a wide assortment of products, intends to establish a new contract to enhance the CLINICAL SPECIALTIES portfolio. Current Requirements: HealthPRO intends to establish a contract for the following products: SUCROSE SOLUTION PLEASE REFER TO THE ASSOCIATED DOCUMENT(S) FOR FURTHER DETAILS - THANK YOU. The posting of public HealthPRO Procurement Services Inc. (HealthPRO) competitive Rfx documents including but not limited to Request for Qualification, Request for Proposal or Advanced Contract Award Notification documents on Alberta Purchasing Connection does not signify that Alberta Health Services (AHS) has or will commit to participate in the posted opportunity. Should AHS choose to participate in the posted opportunity such participation will be subject to existing contracts in place at the time. URL_TAG 
29049.txt	Establishing a Roster List for Fairness Consultants Description: Establishing a Roster List for Fairness Consultants Establishing a Roster List for Fairness Consultants Issue date: October 12, 2011 Closing date: October 31, 2011 at 12:00 Noon  Buyer: McNamara, Vicki Phone number: 416-397-5190 Email: EMAIL_TAG Location: City Hall, 19th Floor West Tower Client Division: Purchasing and Materials Management   Non-refundable document fee:  $25.00 + 3.25 HST = $28.25  Scope of work: The award of this REOI will establish a Roster of pre-qualified candidates for City procurements that require the services of a Fairness Consultant on an "as and when required" basis to be determined solely by the City. The Roster will be in effect for an initial period of one (1) year from the day of its establishment. The City will have the option to renew the Roster with any or all of the Successful Respondents for an additional two (2), one-year terms. The maximum period that this REOI will be in effect is three years. The option to renew the Roster for up to two (2), one-year terms will be based on formal City review of the performance level of Fairness Consultants on Work Assignments completed over the prior year. The City will be under no obligation to exercise any renewal option. Qualifications of the Successful Respondent: Have preferably a minimum of 3 years experience in advising or conducting the procurement process, as a fairness consultant within the private, public and/or municipal government sector; Have direct experience running a procurement process and has acted as a procurement advisor; Possess knowledge and access to related disciplines to procurement law, finance, municipal policy expertise, and/or other related subject matter specialities; Have experience in the last 3 years as a fairness consultant for complex public sector procurement including: ? Rapidly evolving products, especially software; ? High-risk endeavours (such as new technology, P-3 projects, new high-value products, innovative forms of procurement); ? High political interest in process and outcomes of the procurement; ? High public profile and interest in the award outcome; ? Large value of contract such that it can reasonably be expected that Proponents will look for any weakness to challenge the process if they are not awarded the contract; ? Out-of-country vendors challenging required Canadian terms and conditions; ? Competition against a long-term incumbent (to avoid perception of undue advantage); and ? Development of new use/operation of significant public sites/facilities/properties. Ability to have a collaborative approach with a partner; Have rigorous professional quality control measures; Experience in dealing/communicating with stakeholders, municipal government workers and vendors; Extensive expertise in facilitating the processes of a procurement evaluation team, communicating report findings to team members/project managers, communicating report findings to a Committee of Council or government body; Experience in procurement fairness status reporting and final attest report writing; Extensive knowledge of current concepts of fairness, openness and transparency in public sector procurements and the role of a fairness consultant in an early, mid and late stage procurement; Excellent oral and written communication skills, including the ability to prepare clear and consistent comprehensive reports; and A professional reputation in conducting credible facilitation, mediation, and support to City staff on complex procurement processes. The primary purpose of a Fairness Consultant is to assess and provide assurance on the integrity, objectivity, and fairness of procurement processes being undertaken and applied. It is not the role of a Fairness Consultant to address whether the "right" product or vendor is being selected. Rather, a Fairness Consultant assesses whether the competitive call processes ensured fair, equitable, and objective treatment for all call respondents. The advice and opinion of a Fairness Consultant is particularly important to ensure objective and fair processes of evaluation and selection of respondents in accordance with approved and required City policies and procedures. For any subsequent Work Assignment required following the establishment of the Roster, the Fairness Consultant may be involved in one or all of the stages of procurement mentioned below. It is the intention of the City to select Fairness Consultants that will be capable of providing Services in all three areas. Specific details of the roles and Services required will be provided at the time of the Work Assignment. Early-stage Procurement Services such as: Pointing out to City staff procurement document methods (i.e. Request for Quotations, Request for Proposals, etc), their respective requirements and merits, preceding development of the competitive call procurement document; Facilitating pre-call development activities such as vendor and other party consultations to gather information on potential solutions with the City; Overseeing the procurement document design and development by raising for consideration to City staff: - Upfront involvement of necessary legal/other parties; - Objectives intended when selecting specifications, or mandatory and other criteria; - A range of available and preferred evaluation tools and techniques; and - The impact on fair and reasonable evaluation of various weighting scenarios for financial, service, quality, legislative compliance and interview components. Advising on the purpose, steps, degree of information provision and other processes for any call pre-release consultations held with the potential call respondents; Pointing out avoidance of methods/approaches that can cause potential biases in design (due to embedded public policy issues) to enable appropriate vendor choice, beyond fairness of the process that ensues; Identifying potential inconsistencies or lack of clarity in call document requirements, in order to meet approved and stated business objectives, statutory regulations, policy directives, administrative requirements and best practices for procurement; and Providing advice on critical procurement considerations following completion of the call document and just prior to, or just following, its issuance, including: - Identifying potential inconsistencies, or lack of clarity in call document requirements, in order to meet approved and stated business objectives, statutory regulations, policy directives, administrative requirements and best practices for procurement; - Evaluation criteria clarity and pertinence; and - Evaluation techniques and considerations. Mid Stage Procurement Services such as: Verification of the roles, responsibilities, decision authorities, and reporting requirements of the designated internal procurement management team; Attending and monitoring any information, briefing, or other sessions for potential respondents/bidders, to note anomalies and follow up with the procurement management team; Ensuring that the evaluation team members are provided with briefings on best practices including: - The principles and duties of fairness, care and proprietary information protection; - Having a single-point-of-contact in place prior to and following evaluation; - Avoidance and disclosure of conflict of interest, bias, and undue influence; - Exclusion of any technical consultants used to design/establish call requirements; - Arms-length from political involvement/participation; - Scoring procedures and sign-off on individual scoring sheets; - Formal evaluation/scoring of any interview component of the evaluation process; and - The preparation, treatment and retention of evaluation documents. Attending and monitoring evaluation team meetings to: - Keep processes consistent with best practices (see above); - Ensure all responses are evaluated in strict accordance with call specifications/criteria; and - Verification of responses evaluated as being non-qualified, non compliant. Ensuring that principles and measures of success for how the procurement process is carried out are established and provided to the City in a manner that is clear should the information be made available to the public; Monitoring and documenting, at pre-identified points in the procurement process, the issues raised, solutions arrived at, and actions required and taken to ensure consistency with the original approved objectives. Advice on the steps or procedures that can be taken to remove problems, such as unintended barriers to appropriate responses given unduly prescriptive requirements; and Assistance to ensure that satisfactory and timely communication takes place with respondents/bidders on any necessary procurement changes through the issuance of Addenda. Late-stage and Post-close Procurement Services such as: Monitoring and immediate reporting to pre-identified senior management on any known or perceived conflicts of interest, occurrences of undue influence or other factors (among management/evaluation team members, as well as key stakeholder representatives), that may negatively impact the integrity of the evaluation/scoring of assessment process; Ensuring that the procurement management team, evaluation team members and other stakeholders understand ongoing confidentiality responsibilities post-contract award; Advising on proper respondent de-briefing processes and complaint procedures; If engaged for the contract negotiation/service level agreement stage, ensure that the process is conducted in an ethical, structured manner by appropriate, skilled specialists adhering to the mandatory criteria/irrevocable terms and conditions of the RFP or RFQ document as applicable; and Providing a full report at the conclusion of the procurement process to accompany the recommendation of a contract award, as to whether and how the process has complied with fairness, openness and transparency requirements. For certain Work Assignments the City may require the Fairness Consultant to provide Services after the completion of a competitive call evaluation or award process in situations which require immediate response and restoration of confidence. Situations requiring a Fairness Consultant for this type of assignment are normally defined and directed by Council and may include, for example: Complaints or controversies about the process that are considered high profile; Public demands for review in the context of the value for money, or best use; Demand for accountability and transparency about project impacts; Challenges respecting private sector participation in public responsibilities; and Questions around new types of competitive processes. Additionally, Services required after the completion of a competitive call evaluation or award process may include but are not limited to: Assessing the procurement evaluation process, adequacy of the steps takes to mitigate risk (e.g. financial, credibility, liability), and the documentation integrity. Activities often include reviews of scoring and other related processes, how vendor debriefing/complaint processes were undertaken, and ensuring that correct documentation is in place. City staff are the lead parties responsible for managing procurement including: ? Pre-call development consultations; ? call design/development; ? call release/issuance; ? information briefings; ? addenda to refine submission requirements; ? evaluation/scoring; ? recording results; ? negotiations where necessary; ? debriefing unsuccessful proponents; ? handling complaints; and ? awarding the call. Responsibilities of the Fairness Consultant will include, but will not be limited to, the following: Maintaining confidentially during the procurement and evaluation activities throughout the Work Assignment; Providing a second opinion at key, pre-identified decision stages; Providing support to the purchasing manager in encouraging divisional best practices; Additional insight on correct competitive processes; Assisting the consideration of all aspects of evaluation processes for better understanding; Addressing concerns for accountability/fairness given costs to respond to complex calls; Independent assurance of integrity of process with a signed attest statement; Preparing a Final Attest Report for the City that will be provided to Council as part of any required staff report to Council on a particular procurement; Ability to clearly present report findings to City Council members, if required; and May be required to provide evidence and testify in relation to any legal claim that may arise from the procurement process. It is expected that the Fairness Consultant: Become knowledgeable with City governance structure, processes and policies; Become knowledgeable with key documentation including, but not necessarily limited to, the Request for Proposal, Request for Quotation or Tender document and its evaluation criteria, and the methods for selection of proponents/bidders set out by the City; Have a strong understanding of the common law applicable to public procurement; and Have a strong understanding of all City of Toronto by-laws, policies and procedures, municipal rules and regulations and trade agreements that apply to procurement by the City. In addition, the Fairness Consultant will be accountable to the City to deliver all Services required under any Work Assignment. Furthermore, the Fairness Consultant will be accountable for the sufficiency, appropriateness, adequacy and quality of all Services.  Please visit URL_TAG for additional information.  MERX asks that you contact the buying agency directly to obtain associated documents.  The contact information can be found within  the notice abstract. 
35513.txt	MicroUltracentrifuge Addendum 1 - A revised RFP document has been posted November 30, 2011 The Cardiovascular Research Centre (CVRC) is planning on purchasing one (1) MicroUltracentrifuge for the core facility. As the facility will be a multi-user environment, emphasis will be given to the instrument and the Proponent that can provide enhanced control and operation functions which allow for operation and user control via user accounts, password protection. The CRVC is also looking towards future "fee for Service" programs to sustain the core facility and emphasis will be given to the instrument and the system that offers computer and/or advanced control software that will allow for electronic storage of both user and run log data which will be required for reporting usage detail and history. Preference will be given to the system that can store this data in electronic format (spread sheet format) for ease of reporting and archiving of data. Format would be in spread sheet format and storage should be unlimited. URL_TAG 
35441.txt	FOOTWEAR - NB Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG TO SUPPLY FOOTWEAR ON AN AS AND WHEN REQUIRED BASIS FOR THE PERIOD JANUARY 1, 2012 TO DECEMBER 31, 2012. Only one unit price will be accepted for each item. Different prices per size will not be considered and may be grounds for disqualification. ITEMS 1, 2, 4, 5 AND 6 MUST BE IN INDIVIDUAL BOXES AND MUST HAVE DESCRIPTION AND SIZE MARKED ON THE BOX. ITEMS BEING QUOTED ON MUST BE CLEARLY IDENTIFIED- IF SUBSTITUTING ON REQUESTED PRODUCT, THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION SHOULD BE INCLUDED ON THE TENDER: MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. RETURN TO: CENTRAL TENDERING BRANCH P.O. Box 8000 Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Marysville Place Room Number 205, 20 McGloin Street Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG Public opening of bids will take place on closing day at 14:00 Atlantic Time, in Marysville Place, Room 205, 20 McGloin Street, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG. All bids must be stated in Canadian Funds. All tenders must be F.O.B. destination, freight prepaid. Sales taxes should not be included in the unit, extended or total prices. This Invitation is being conducted under the provisions of the Public Purchasing Act and Regulation as of the date of the issuance of the Invitation. Bidders may obtain a copy of the Act and Regulation from The Queen's Printer, Province of N.B., P.O. Box 6000, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG The Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms & Conditions for Goods and Services apply to this procurement and are considered to be incorporated into this document. By submitting a bid, you agree and accept these terms and conditions. Current "Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions" are available on the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, the Council of Atlantic Premiers' Website or from an authorized service provider. A bidder must obtain official bid documents from a distribution service, authorized by the Minister of Supply and Services, in order to submit a bid. The current authorized distribution services are the New Brunswick Opportunities Network (NBON) (operated by the Department of Supply and Services, Province of NB), BIDS (operated by Tendering Publications Ltd.) and MERX (operated by Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Failure to submit the official bid documents or provide proof that the official bid documents were properly obtained will result in rejection of the bid. In order to facilitate the evaluation process, Bidders are requested to respond in the same format as the official bid documents. For procurements which are not subject to the provisions of one or more of the interprovincial procurement agreements, the Province of New Brunswick reserves the right to apply Provincial or regional Preferences, consider local content in the evaluation of bids and/or refuse to consider bids from vendors from other jurisdictions when it is considered to be in the best interests of the Province. When determining the use of these conditions, the Province will consider, among other factors, the extent to which New Brunswick vendors have access to equivalent procurement opportunities in those jurisdictions and the treatment accorded by those jurisdictions to bids from New Brunswick vendors. The Province will be the sole judge of whether these conditions will be used and the extent to which they will be applied. All discounts quoted will be considered to be without limitations. Payment of invoices is the responsibility of the department or organization to whom the goods are shipped or services are supplied. Award of contracts: no contract shall be awarded and no payment shall be made to a vendor unless authorized by the Minister or his delegates. The Minister may make an award to the preferred vendor conditional on the negotiation and acceptance of a detailed contract between the Province and the vendor. In such cases, should the detailed contract negotiations not be completed in a reasonable period of time, the Province reserves the right to discontinue negotiations with the vendor and subsequently enter into negotiations with the second preferred vendor. No right or duty, in whole or in part, of the vendor under a contract issued may be assigned or delegated without the prior consent of the Central Purchasing Branch. Unless the Central Purchasing Branch has determined otherwise prior to tender closing, all prices must be extended and totalled. Direct Deposit The province of New Brunswick is now using Direct Deposit as the standard method of government payments. Suppliers are required to provide bank account information (and email address if available) for remittance. Please send the completed Direct Deposit Form to the New Brunswick Internal Services Agency as indicated on the form. S&S, CENTRAL STORES 230 HILTON ROAD, INDUSTRIAL PARK Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG 1: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 50 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (72165) Shoes, Black, Top Grade, Calf Leather Upper. Full Grain Leather Heel Slat and Quarter Lining & Tongue Lining in Shoe. Flexible Rubber Outsole. MUST BE IN INDIVIDUAL BOXES AND MUST HAVE DESCRIPTION AND SIZE MARKED ON EACH BOX. Men's sizes will range from 7 to 13, medium and wide width. Women's sizes will range from 4 to 11, medium and wide width. Bostonian Tuscana #22711. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 2: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 80 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (72175) Thongs, Tan Colour, Each pair must be individually poly bagged, 36 pr/ctn. Sizes will range from 5 to 16. Bob Barker Co. #BB888 MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 3: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 1700 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (72180) Slip-Ons, Men's Navy Blue Twin Gore Canvas with arch support as per the following specifications: - 8 oz. Canvas upper - 8 oz. Natural Duck lining - Sturdy box toe - Non-marking rubber outsole - Vulcanized construction - 1/8" latex foat cushion insole with 1/2" latex foam arch support Sizes will range from 5 to 16, with additional insole & arch. 12 pr/ctn. SWS Model #97-45 or Murphy Gear brand. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 4: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 500 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (72505) Police Boots, Black, Trooper, 8" safety toe/sole, athletic boot, insulated, 4-season boot. Cement-comfort suspension. Upper: Leather, nylon, padded top, speed lace. Heel Seat: Cambrelle-Moisture wicking liner. Leather heel seat. Steel shank. Outsole: Rubber shell, non-marking, slip resistant safety boot. Midsole: Cambrelle/Eva unit. Insole: Cambrelle/Eva unit. Padded Nylon Tongue. Metal eyelets. Cotton laces. Moulded plastic counter with steel toe & sole. Cambrelle-moisture wicking lining. Steel toe and plate grade one. Slip resistant, non-marking sole. MUST BE IN INDIVIDUAL BOXES & MUST HAVE DESCRIPTION & SIZE MARKED ON EACH BOX. Sizes will range 3 to 13 with 1/2 sizes available in sizes 3 to 11. J.B. Goodhue Men's #JB18090SP & Women's #JB18091SP. Manufacturer's Product #18090 Trooper. J. B. Goodhue Workwear Starbrand #JBI 18090SP. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 5: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 60 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (72850) Boots, 8" Workboot, Black, PU Outsole with slip resisting tread design, Cambrelle lined, Thinsulate, removable OrthoLite footbed, CSA certified steel toe & puncture resistant plate, ESR approved, wide fit and extra high instep for added comfort. MUST BE WIDE WIDTH & MUST BE INDIVIDUALLY BOXED AND MUST HAVE DESCRIPTION & SIZE MARKED ON EACH BOX. Sizes will range 6 to 14, with 1/2 sizes available in 8 to 11. STC-Keep #21986. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING 6: Unit of measure : Pair Quantity: 40 Organisation id : 9781343 Description : (73290) Boots, Tactical, 8", Insulated, Inside Zipper, Steel Toe/Sole, Slip Resistant, non-marking sole. Slip and oil resistant lightweight FLX rubber sole for improved flexibility. Composite protective toe non-metallic puncture resistant plate Dielectric (ESR) sole. Inside Zipper. Wear resistant TPU Pareshok bumper toe 2.0 to 2.2 mm full grain leather. Airflow waterproof and breathable membrane with sealed seams. THINSULATE thermal insulation. Low-density soft foam footbed for added comfort. Silverclear treated Taibrelle lining. MUST BE WIDE WIDTH (3E) & MUST BE INDIVIDUALLY BOXED AND MUST HAVE DESCRIPTION & SIZE MARKED ON EACH BOX. Sizes will range 5 to 15, with 1/2 sizes available in sizes 7 to 10. Royer #10-8604. MANUFACTURER & BRAND MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT # COMPANY'S PRODUCT # (IF DIFFERENT THAN ABOVE) PACKAGING INVOICE PRICING MUST MATCH PRICES QUOTED ON TENDER SUBMISSIONS. DEVIATIONS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED AND INVOICES WILL BE RETURNED FOR CORRECTION. DELIVERY WILL BE REQUIRED NO LATER THAN 30 CALENDAR DAYS AFTER RECEIPT OF ORDER, OR AS GUARANTEED BY THE SUCCESSFUL VENDOR. LATE DELIVERIES WILL BE MONITORED AND IF DEEMED BY PNB STAFF TO BE EXCESSIVE, IT WILL BE CONSIDERED JUST GROUNDS FOR CONTRACT CANCELLATION AND ALL SUCH DECISIONS ARE FINAL. ESTIMATED QUANTITY CONTRACT  To be delivered as and when required for the period indicated at the request of the department. Quantities or dollar values stated are an estimate made in good faith and may vary considerably. The Province of N.B. reserves the right to purchase more or lesser amounts depending on requirements. This procurement is not subject to the provisions of interprovincial procurement agreements. Vendors are advised to read the Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions for Goods and Services Invitations carefully before submitting a bid. When stating "Unit Price" on bid submissions, vendors are required to quote pricings no more than four (4) digit positions after the decimal point. More than 4 digit positions after the decimal point will be rounded-off to the fourth position. *Shipping Charges MUST be included in the Unit Price.* Prices MUST be firm for Contract period. Awarded vendors must carry ALL costs incurred by Central Stores, Department of Supply & Services, for the return of any, and all products, that do not meet the requirements of the Estimated Quantity Contract, including the cost of having products returned by end-users to Central Stores. Failure to adhere to this condition may result in cancellation of contract. All containers must indicate brand name, item description and quantity. Packing slips showing quantity, item(s) and purchase order number must be included on the outside of carton(s) or shipment will be returned to the vendor, collect. Any products awarded for this Estimated Quantity Contract MUST remain the same Brand and must be from the same original Manufacturer for the duration of the Contract, unless prior written approval has been received from the Province of New Brunswick. A "brand" is defined as a class of goods identified by name as the product of a SINGLE firm or manufacturer. Vendors are to pay special attention to the "Unit" of Measure for each item and bid in the Province's "Unit" of Measure, which may be different from your selling unit. When Samples are requested by the Province, the Samples will remain the Property of the Province of N.B. for a one (1) year period. If vendors want the sample returned after the one (1) year period, this must be requested in writing on the packing slip, attached to each individual sample, when submitted. On this request the vendor must state the method of return that will be charged to their company. RIGHT TO CANCEL In the event the Province of New Brunswick changes the manner in which the goods specified on this tender are obtained, the Province reserves the right to cancel the contract at any time, with 30 days advance notice to the successful vendor(s). The Province of New Brunswick will not be subject to any penalties or costs associated with contract cancellation. Michèle Richardson Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
37218.txt	SPARE PARTS FOR BISON, COYOTE Solicitation W8486-121667/A - PW-$$BL-245-22170 has been cancelled. Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Tendering Procedures: Open Technical Documents: None Yip, Jill 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier Place du Portage Phase III 6C1 Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29303.txt	Audit Services - Request For Proposal NO. U11-22 AUDIT SERVICES REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL NO. U11-22 The Township of Uxbridge invites proposals from Chartered Accountants who are licenced under the Public Accountancy Act and are qualified within the conditions outlined in the Municipal Act for the provision of: Audit Services for the Township the Public Library Board and The Business Improvement Area (BIA) Proposals clearly marked as to contents, in sealed envelopes as described in the Request for Proposal documents, will be received by the Clerk's Department, 51 Toronto St. South, P.O. Box 190, Uxbridge, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG, until: THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 2011 2:00 p.m. local time Request for Proposal documents may be obtained from the Clerk's Department at the above-mentioned address between 8:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. local time, Monday to Friday, or by visiting the Town's website at URL_TAG The Corporation of the Township of Uxbridge reserves the right to accept or reject any proposal. Proposals received after the deadline will not be considered. 
39174.txt	Storage Cabinets Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Storage Cabinets W0105-123816/A The Department of National Defence requires the supply and delivery of weapon storage cabinets as per specifications detailed in Annex A for its location at Camp Petersville. This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Martin, Lisa M. 1045 Main Street 1st Floor, Lobby C Unit 108 Moncton, NB POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31218.txt	Opportunity Description: EXECUTIVE SEARCH SERVICES
35439.txt	SCUTTLE, MARINE Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: SCUTTLE, MARINE W8482-120593/A Manion(Div. ML), Kelli Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Requirement: The Department of National Defence has a requirement for seven (7) marine scuttles to be delivered to HMC Dockyard in Halifax, Nova Scotia and seven (7) marine scuttles to be delivered to CFB Esquimalt in Victoria, British Columbia. Line 1 GSIN: N2040 NSN: 2040218841218 Quantity: 7 Unit of Issue: Each Part Number: 8610779 NSCM: 38718 Line 2 GSIN: N2040 NSN: 2040218841218 Quantity: 7 Unit of Issue: Each Part Number: 8610779 NSCM: 38718 Required Delivery Date: As soon as possible. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Manion(Div. ML), Kelli 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 6C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29168.txt	RFP 11-001 Enterprise Risk Assessment WWCCAC is seeking to retain a consultant to undertake a comprehensive Enterprise Risk Assessment.  To obtain documents please go to the CCAC website: URL_TAG 
39171.txt	Heavy Equipment Rental Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Heavy Equipment Rental EW479-113783/A Wilke, Allan R. Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG This Standing Offer cannot be used for the delivery of goods and services in locations which fall under the Procurement Strategy for Aboriginal Business, the Set-Aside Program for Aboriginal Business, and Comprehensive Land Claim Agreements. A Regional Master Standing Offer to supply and deliver all materials, labour, equipment, supervision and transportation necessary to provide heavy equipment rentals (without operator) in Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba on an as required basis during the period of the standing offer. The standing offer will be in effect from Issuance of the Standing Offer to March 31, 2013 with two (2) one (1) year option periods. Option Year 1 - April 1, 2013 to March 31, 2014 Option Year 2 - April 1, 2014 to March 31, 2015 The requirement is subject to the provisions of the World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP), the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), and the Agreement n Internal Trade (AIT). Proposals will be assessed and accepted on a per low item basis. Lowest evaluated price will be identified for each line item. An offer must comply with the requirements of the Request for Standing Offers to be declared responsive.The responsive offer with the lowest evaluated price per line item will be recommended for issuance of a standing offer. A total of 23 standing offers may be issued. An Offeror may bid n one line item, a combination of any of the line items, or all the line items. If one Offeror provides the lowest line item price for more than one line item, one (1) Standing Offer will be issued for the combination of those items. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Wilke, Allan R. Suite 201, 1800 11th Avenue Regina Sask. POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37285.txt	Construct Addition to Flight Feeding Kitchen – Ottawa, Ontario DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – TR174190 – Construct Addition to Flight Feeding Kitchen – Ottawa, Ontario  The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment necessary to renovate and add an addition to existing kitchen including all finishes, plumbing, fire suppression HVAC and electrical at 412(T) Squadron, 200 Comet Private, MacDonald-Cartier Airport, Ottawa, Ontario. For DCC Tender Board Projects, Plans and Specifications (P&S) are picked up at the DCC Site Office located at the following address: Defence Construction Canada 14 Alert Boulevard, Room 204 Astra, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG The MERX order confirmation number authorizing the order of Project # TR174190 must be presented to the DCC Site Office when picking up P&S. THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. A site meeting will be held at the following date, time and location. It is highly recommended that bidders attend this site meeting. Date: January 5, 2012 Time: 11:00 hours, local time Location: 412(T) Squadron, 200 Comet Private, MacDonald-Cartier Airport, Ottawa The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $290,000.00. Bidders are advised that bid and contract security is required when the advertised project budget (estimated cost for this opportunity) is greater than $100,000.00. Refer to the Instructions to Tenderers (Form DCL193 (R-07-08)), paragraph 4. This procurement follows tendering procedures in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Agreement on Internal Trade.  The tender closing date is: January 17, 2012  The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time. Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: Defence Construction Canada 14 Alert Boulevard, Room 204 Astra, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association and the DCC Site Office in the project area. Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the Bid Opening Office and from the DCC Site at telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact anyone other than the DCC Contracting Authority to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS -VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG 
27731.txt	Opportunity Description: MUNICIPAL DISTRICT OF PROVOST NO. 52   T E N D E R   TRUCK   The M.D. of Provost No. 52 is currently accepting tenders on one (1) of the following:   ? 3500/350 or equivalent series  ? White in color  ? Single wheel (NOT Dual)  ? Diesel engine  ? Automatic transmission  ? 4 X 4  ? Skid plate package  ? GVWR/Payload Package  ? Heavy Service Front Suspension Package  ? Dual Alternators  ? Crew Cab  ? Supplemental Cab Heater  ? Tubular running boards  ? Minimum 6 ft. 4" Box  ? 3.73 Axle Ratio   USED vehicles will be considered, contingent upon suitability of alignment with the above specifications.   Acceptance of tender will be contingent on immediate availability of the product, and suitability of the product to meet the M.D. requirements as per the specification sheet. These factors will be weighted at 30%, with the tendered price weighted at 70%.   Tenders are to be submitted not later than 12:00 Noon on Wednesday, October 26th, 2011. No faxes accepted. The M.D. reserves the right to reject any or all bids submitted or any part and the lowest or any bid will not necessarily be accepted. A decision will be made on Thursday, October 27th, 2011.   Commissions earned by the Alberta Association of Municipal Districts and Counties from approved suppliers to that Associations trade division will be considered when comparing prices. Please indicate if your prices include the commission. Also, please quote G.S.T. separately and quote freight F.O.B. M.D. of Provost.   Please send sealed tender clearly marked "TRUCK" to:    M.D. of Provost No. 52  Box 300  4504 – 53rd Avenue  Provost, Alberta  POSTALCODE_TAG   For more information please call Tyler Lawrason at 780-753-2434.
39264.txt	Breakwater Repairs, Duck Bay, MB The work under this contract covers the following:  .1 Supply and installation of armour rock to designated areas on the top and side slopes of the breakwater. 
39260.txt	EVENT PRODUCTION TEAM - CANADA DAY 2012 CELEBRATIONS, OTTAWA, ON The National Capital Commission (NCC) has issued a request for proposals (RFP). The NCC on its own behalf and that of PCH is seeking an Event Production Team (EPT) with a minimum of 5 years experience in large-scale event production to assist in the development, coordination and execution of both the Noon and Evening Shows on Parliament Hill, including the event production coordination of the artistic, protocol and technical components as directed by the NCC and PCH. The successful Proponent will be required to deliver a coherent and entertaining package that can be adapted to suit both the protocol nature of the Noon Show and the celebratory spirit of the Evening Show. The National Capital Commission will administer the contract on behalf of PCH Proponents are invited to attend at their cost, a non-mandatory site visit which will be held at 1:00 p.m. Ottawa time on January 18, 2012 (refer to section 6.5 of the RFP document). You may obtain the RFP documents directly from Merx at URL_TAG To be considered, your proposal must be received no later than 3 p.m. Ottawa time on January 31, 2012 at the National Capital Commission, 3rd Floor Service Centre, 40 Elgin Street in Ottawa, Canada, POSTALCODE_TAG, with a reference to tender file #NG130. Proposals may be submitted in French or in English. Faxed, email or late submissions will not be accepted.  For more information, please contact Nicole Galipeau, Senior Contract Officer, by phone at 613-239-5191 or by email at EMAIL_TAG. Note that amounts quoted in this RFP are in Canadian dollars. Payment is net is 30 days. There will be no public opening for this Request for Proposal. The procurement process NG130 - Event Production Team Canada Day 2012 is subject to Chapter 5 of the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT), but is exempt from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). NAFTA exemption: refer to Chapter 10, Annex 1001.1b-2, Section B, item T004. 
28655.txt	Canadian Fish and Seafood Subsector Benchmarking Study (Coldwater Shrimp, Haddock, Pacific Rockfish and Pacific Halibut) The department of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC) is soliciting proposals for a Contractor to complete a benchmarking study to determine how a select group of Canadian fish and seafood products compares in terms of quality against key competitors such as Norway and Iceland.  AAFC's Seafood Value Chain Roundtable (SVCRT) is an industry-led partnership which strives to increase the export market shares of Canadian fish and seafood through communication and cooperative action between industry representatives from along the value chain, and officials from the federal and provincial governments. The SVCRT is developing a long-term strategy to increase the overall competitiveness of the Canadian fish and seafood sector. As part of this, a Quality Working Group (QWG) was established to examine and analyse the quality aspects of Canadian fish and seafood products and services, to identify Canadian strengths and weaknesses, and recommend corresponding action plans to improve sub-sector competitiveness through improved quality. This study will compare indicators of Canadian seafood sub-sector product quality and value, relative to key competitors, at various points throughout the value chain, from consumer purchase back to harvest. Indicators of quality will be determined by comparing product price points along the value chain in correlation with best management practices employed (or lack thereof), and identifying where price valuation and leakages are occurring in Canadian and competitors' sub-sector value chains.  The Canadian fish and seafood sub-sectors identified for analysis are:  1) Coldwater shrimp,  2) Haddock,  3) Pacific rockfish, and  4) Pacific halibut.  Key markets for these Canadian sub-sectors will be examined in the benchmarking study, as well as markets where key competitors are present but Canada is not.  The results of the benchmarking study will be reported to the SVCRT to support the objective of raising the quality level of Canadian fish and seafood products as a means to increasing Canadian competitiveness and global market share.  The proposed project team must have at least one individual (team leader or senior team member) who has at least 8 years of experience in collecting, analyzing and reporting technical data. 
39206.txt	Patient Room Furniture Overbed Tables; Stretcher/Chair; Adult Stretcher; Bariatric Adult Stretcher; Electric Bed;  
37351.txt	Opportunity Description: Grasslands is considering the purchase of four school buses as follows:  3 - 50/52 passenger school buses  1 - 30 passenger school bus   Please submit per unit pricing as per specification sheet attached, identifying GST and delivery date. Prices should be FOB Brooks, Alberta and firm for 90 days.   Lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. Budget considerations, price and compliance may determine the number of school buses purchased. Tenders will be assessed on a point system as follows:  Parts/Diagnostic Equipment 50%  Price 30%  Meets Specifications 10%  Warranty Availability 10%   Please supply in writing details of all warranties applicable to bus unit(s) tendered.
35431.txt	Agency of Records for the CMCC The Canadian Museum of Civilization (CMCC) is requesting pre-qualification statements from advertising agencies with experience serving cultural, heritage, entertainment or tourism related clients providing end-to-end solutions to promote the CMCC as well as its exhibitions and programmes. The agency of record selected will work closely with the marketing team to design, execute, coordinate and roll out advertisements and marketing collateral material for the Canadian Museum of Civilization, the Canadian Children Museum, the Virtual Museum of New-France, the Canadian War Museum and the IMAX® Theatre. This contract will be valid for 26 (twenty-six) months, beginning February 1, 2012 and ending March 31, 2014, with an option to renew for one additional year.  
28939.txt	Improvement of the kettles control systems Bidders are advised that closing date has been extended to November 23rd, 2011. Closing time and location remain unchanged.   DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – # SN95984 – Improvement of the kettles control systems, Richelain (QC) The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment necessary to demolish, replace and connect the outdated control systems and programming the new system. Those wishing to obtain a set of Plans & Specifications for this project must place an order with MERX by logging on their website: URL_TAG THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. A site meeting will be held at the following date, time and location. It is highly recommended that bidders attend this site meeting. Date: October 25th, 2011 Time: 10:00 A.M. hours, local time. Location: Defence Construction Canada, St-Jean Garrison, Building H-102, Door 123-F, Richelain (Quebec) JOJ 1R0 The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $ 750,000.00 Bidders are advised that bid and contract security is required when the advertised project budget (estimated cost for this opportunity) is greater than $100,000.00. Refer to the Instructions to Tenderers (Form DCL193 (R-07-08)), paragraph 4. This procurement follows tendering procedures in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Agreement on Internal Trade.  The tender closing date is: November 23rd, 2011 The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time. Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: NEW ADDRESS : Defence Construction Canada Quebec Regional Office 2030, Pie IX Blvd, Suite 224 Montreal (QC) POSTALCODE_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association and the DCC Site Office in the project area. Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the DCC Site at telephone: 450-358-7099 7912. Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact the Department of National Defence (DND) to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS -VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG 
33408.txt	For the replacement of the Autopilot System (AS) Onboard the Victoria Class submarines Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: N/A - P&A/LOI Only Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Letter of Interest (LOI) For the replacement of the Autopilot System (AS) onboard the Victoria Class submarines for Department of National Defence (DND) W8483-117051/A Wilkie, Neil Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Please note that this is not a solicitation. No Contract will result from this Letter of Interest. The Letter of Interest will not be used to qualify suppliers for any future project. Purpose The purpose of this Letter of Interest (LOI) is to determine Canadian Industry's interest in bidding for the replacement of the Autopilot System (AS) on the VICTORIA Class Submarines (VCS), four in total, SSK 876 VICTORIA, SSK 877 WINDSOR, SSK 878 CORNER BROOK and SSK 879 CHICOUTIMI. Two of each submarines located in the Canadian Forces Bases (CFB) of Halifax and Victoria. The requirements also include the upgrade work for the two (2) associated shore-based trainers, Maintenance Trainer (MT) and the Submarine Control Trainer (SCT) that are located at the Canadian Forces Base (CFB), Halifax and Special Purpose Test Equipment and Test Tools. Autopilot System (AS) The Statement of Work (SOW) details the AS system requirements that are being sought. A written request by email to the Contracting Authority is required in order to obtain the SOW document. The proposed equipment for the AS shall be able to operate in a marine environment. Requested information, Interested Suppliers Capability. Interested Suppliers must demonstrate to Canada's satisfaction that they have the following mandatory capability. 1. Interested Suppliers must have a minimum of five (5) years f experience as prime contractor in Marine Control Systems. 2. Interested Suppliers must have the capability in system design, manufacturing, system integration, installation and set to work for Autopilot System (AS). 3. Quality Assurance In the performance of the Work described herein, Interested Suppliers shall comply with the requirements of: - ISO 9001-2000 - Quality management systems - Requirements, published by the international Organization for Standardization (ISO), current edition at date of submission f LOI. - It is not the intent to require that the Interested Suppliers be registered to the applicable standard; however, Interested Suppliers quality management system must address each requirement contained in the standard. 4. Security Clearance Secret. Deliverables, Proposed AS Replacement and SOW Comments from Interested Suppliers Interested Suppliers must demonstrate to Canada's satisfaction that the AS Replacement meet the requirements described in the attached SOW. The following issues shall be addressed: 1. Interested Suppliers are to review the attached SOW in relation to their proposed AS. The following issues shall be addressed: - System design and Overall Hardware and Software architecture; - Proposed hardware; - Proposed software; - Compatibility and interface requirements with existing AS field devices/interfaces and external systems; and - Shore based trainers. 2. Deliverables as identified in Section 2 of the SOW 3. Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) Cost: - Provide a ROM cost estimate in Canadian currency; and - Provide a breakdown of the cost structure (Hardware, Software, Maintenance Trainer,Submarine Control Trainer, Initial Cadre training, Spare Parts, Special Purpose Test Equipment and Test Tools, Engineering Change (EC) development, etc). Note: Should an Interested Supplier be of the opinion that some issues are not addressed above; Interested Suppliers are encouraged to provide additional information. Evaluation of Interested Suppliers deliverables It is the sole responsibility of Interested Suppliers to provide sufficient information to adequately assess its Deliverables. Submission of Responses Companies must submit their written response and queries to this Letter of Interest directly to: Public Works and Government Services Canada Maritime Systems Directorate, Marine, ML Division Place du Portage, Phase III, 6C2 11 Laurier Street Hull, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Attention: Neil Wilkie Email: EMAIL_TAG Phone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Wilkie, Neil 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 6C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35474.txt	TOH-2011114, Double Stain IHC Stainer The Ottawa Hospital (TOH) is seeking proposals for the provision of a Double Stain IHC Stainer. This proposal is intended to provide open-ended responses from vendors that will encourage opportunities to present innovative options. It is the vendor's responsibility to obtain the required understanding to address the requirements of this Request for Proposal (RFP) and to demonstrate their level of expertise in the technology sought to provide the hardware and after sales support of this equipment.  
29169.txt	City of Edmonton - Civic Precinct Master Plan Addendum No. 1 - October 17, 2011 Addendum No. 2 - October 17, 2011 Addendum No. 3 - October 21, 2011 =========================== Request for Proposal for the Civic Precinct Master Plan URL_TAG 
28408.txt	Sault Ste Marie (ON) Language Training The department of Industry Canada (IC), more specifically the Federal Economic Developoment Initiative for Northern Ontario (FedNor) requires the services of a Contractor to delivery a French language training program to IC/FedNor and other Government of Canada employees in Sault Ste Marie, Ontario.
31174.txt	Preparation of Provincial Park Management Plans – MB Conservation Eastern Region Manitoba Conservation is seeking the services of a consultant to prepare a series of concise (8-10 page) management plans for eleven provincial parks in Manitoba's eastern region. The proponent will compile information, facilitate working sessions, prepare, review and finalize management plans for each park, prepare public consultation materials and serve as a presenter/facilitator at one public drop-in session. Parks include: Birch Point, Marchand, Moose Lake, Pinawa, Pinawa Dam, Poplar Bay, South Atikaki, St. Malo, Wallace Lake, Whitemouth Falls and Woodridge.   A proponent meeting to review project specifications with prospective consultants will be held in Boardroom A - 200 Saulteaux Crescent on Tuesday, November 8, 2011 from 10:30 a.m.– 12:00 noon. For further information and copy of the tender documents please contact: Manitoba Conservation Parks and Natural Areas Branch Phone: Cathy Hummelt PHONENUMBER_TAG Alt. phone: Ken Schykulski PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG 
29048.txt	Prime Consultant Services, Chiller System Replacement, Edmonton Zone, Leduc Community Hospital and E Prime Consultant Services, Chiller System Replacement, Edmonton Zone, Leduc Community Hospital and Edmonton General Continuing Care Centre URL_TAG 
27686.txt	001062-B1 SMHC Adming Bldgs Foundation * Addendum* Infrastructure & Transportation INVITATION TO BID Sealed bids will be received at the Main Floor, 1700 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, POSTALCODE_TAG, prior to 2:00 P.M. prevailing Winnipeg time, NOVEMBER 10, 2011 for: MIT PROJECT NO. 001062-B1 SELKIRK MENTAL HEALTH CENTRE 825 MANITOBA AVE., SELKIRK, MB ADMIN BLDG FOUNDTAION WATERPROOFING Bidders must obtain the drawings, specifications, and bid documents prepared for the work from Manitoba Infrastructure & Transportation, Main Floor, 1700 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba POSTALCODE_TAG. To obtain bidding documents, callPHONENUMBER_TAG. Documents must be picked up between the hours of 8:00am an 4:00pm Each bid must be accompanied with fully executed original Bid Bond in the amount of 10% of the Bid Price. No substitute for the original Bid Bond will be accepted. Bidders must submit a current Certificate of Recognition (COR) or current dated "acceptable documentation" with the bid submission or within three (3) business days of the close of bidding. Failure to submit the required documentation within three (3) business days will cause the tender to be rejected. Only firm bids will be considered. The receipt or opening of any Bid is not acceptance; acceptance of any Bid may only be made in writing by the Department; and there is no obligation by the Department to accept the lowest or any Bid. Winnipeg, Manitoba October 20, 2011   ADDENDUM NO. 1 MIT PROJECT NO. 001062-B1 SELKIRK MENTAL HEALTH CENTRE 825 MANITBA AVE , SELKIRK., MB ADMIN BLDG FOUNDATION WATERPROOFING  Date: November 2, 2011  Bidders are requested to acknowledge receipt of this addendum when completing their Bid Acceptance form by adding at Part 3, under Contract Documents: Addendum No. 1 dated November 2, 2011. ITEM 1 – UNIT PRICES: 1. Refer to Specification section 03 93 10 – Concrete Patching Repairs. Provide unit price per square foot for concrete patching repairs. Estimated quantity 300 square feet. 2. Refer to Specification section 03 93 20 – Pressure Grouting Repairs. Provide unit price per square foot for pressure grouting repairs. Estimated quantity 200 square feet. 3. Refer to Specification section 07 14 16 – Cold Fluid-Applied Waterproofing and detail 7 on Drawing WP-2. Provide unit price for detailing existing cracks. Estimated quantity 600 lin. ft. ITEM 2 CLARIFICATIONS: 1. Refer to detail 4 on Drawing WP-2: Revise to include 12" wide continuous strip of cement board as per attached RS-01. 2. Refer to Drawing WP-1, Drain Tile Installation Note 1. Revise to read "INSTALL DRAIN TILE ON CLEANED CONCRETE FOOTING SURFACE PER DRAWING DETAILS." ATTACHEMENTS: Appendix "B" Unit Price Form – to be included with Bid Submission Drawing RS-01  APPENDIX " B " MIT PROJECT NO. 001062-B1 SELKIRK MENTAL HEALTH CENTRE 825 MANITOBA AVE., SELKIRK, MB. ADMIN BLD. FOUNDATION WATERPROOFING LIST OF UNIT PRICES: This appendix is attached to and is part of the bid dated and  submitted by   Provide Unit Prices for the supply of labour, material, and equipment necessary for the items listed below to allow for final adjustment to the Contract Price to add identified areas of the Work as approved by the Consultant. DESCRIPTION UNIT PRICE 1) Refer to Specification section 03 93 10 -Concrete Patching Repairs. Provide unit price per square foot for concrete patching repairs.  Estimated quantity 300 square feet. $ per sq. ft. 2) Refer to Specification section 03 93 20 -Pressure Grouting Repairs. Provide unit price per square foot for pressure grouting repairs. Estimated quantity 200 square feet. $ per sq. ft. 3) Refer to Specification section 07 14 16 -Cold Fluid-Applied Waterproofing and detail 7 on Drawing WP-2. Provide unit price for detailing existing cracks. Estimated quantity 600 lin. ft. $ per lin. ft.   To obtain sketch associated with this addenda please contact Elise Rea Province of Manitoba Infrastructure Contracts Dept @PHONENUMBER_TAG or EMAIL_TAG 
35427.txt	Identification of Benthic Invertebrate Samples from Area of Concern Environment Canada requires the services of a contractor to process (sort), identify, enumerate and verify benthic invertebrate samples. The scope of this contract is to process (sort), identify, enumerate and verify benthic invertebrate samples. The contractor shall: 1. Process (sort), enumerate, identify and verify 70 Thunder Bay, 90 Trent River, and 73 Lac Dasserat intact samples/subsamples preserved in ethanol. Identifications are to the lowest practical level; 2. Ensure that a Quality Assurance/Quality Control program is carried out; 3. Enter all data in spreadsheet format MicrosoftExcel); 4. Provide a reference collection. 5. Complete work by 31 March 2012. The proposed contract will be from the date of contract award to 31 March 2012. The maximum budget allocated for this project shall not exceed $76,600.00 (including HST), (including all labour, associated costs, travel, and subcontractors). Bids valued in excess of this amount will be considered non-responsive.  
36956.txt	Class 3 Riprap Stockpiling INVITATION TO TENDERERS TOWN OF SUNDRE CLASS 3 RIPRAP STOCKPILING Sealed Tenders clearly marked "TOWN OF SUNDRE CLASS 3 RIPRAP STOCKPILING" DELIVERED OR MAILED TO Attention: Neal Cormack, P.Eng. 600, 4808 Ross Street Red Deer, AB., T4N 1 X5 will be received until 2:01 PM November 21, 2011. Tenders received and not conforming to the foregoing will be returned to the Tenderer(s) without consideration. Tender Documents or Tender Amendments received via Facsimile machine will not be accepted. The Work comprises of, but is not limited to, approximately: Heavy Rock Riprap 13,600 tonnes Clearing and Mulching 0.5 Ha Miscellaneous Fencing  Miscellaneous Grading  Copies of the Tender Documents may be obtained by General Contractors from Stantec Consulting Ltd. upon payment of a $50.00 non-refundable fee, made payable to Stantec Consulting Ltd. Subcontractors may view the Tender Documents at Stantec Consulting Ltd. Tenders must be accompanied by - Bid Bond or Certified Cheque in the amount of 10% of the Tender Price, - Consent of Surety, and - Copy of Current Safety Certificate or Temporary Letter of Certification. The Owner may decide, at its sole discretion, that no bid submitted will be accepted and no Contract will be awarded pursuant to this Tender process. In that event, all Tenderers will be notified and the Owner will have no liability to any Tenderer. If the Owner decides to accept a Tender and award a Contract, the selection of the successful Tenderer will be based on a number of criteria which will include, but not limited to, price, delivery date, and qualification of the Tenderer. Receipt of an Invitation to Tender and evaluation by the Owner of a bid does not imply that the Tenderer is qualified. The Owner reserves the right to waive informalities in, reject any or all Tenders, or to accept the Tender deemed most favorable in the interest of the Owner. The successful Tenderer shall be the Principal or Prime Contractor for the Project pursuant to the applicable construction safety legislation and shall have primary responsibility for the safety of all workers and equipment on the Project in accordance with such legislation. Inquiries regarding this Project shall be directed to: Neal Cormack, P.Eng. Stantec Consulting Ltd. 600, 4808 Ross Street Red Deer, AB POSTALCODE_TAG Ph PHONENUMBER_TAG URL_TAG 
33823.txt	Small Arms Trainer/Indirect Fire Trainer Consultants Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Small Arms Trainer/Indirect Fire Trainer Consultants W0118-120007/A Almonte, Cathleen Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Department of National Defence (DND) Canadian Forces Base (CFB)/Area Support Unit (ASU) Shilo requires the professional services of consultants with the experience in Operation of Indirect Fire Trainer (IFT) and Small Arms Trainer (SAT) simulators. The period of the Contract is from 01 March 2012 to 28 February 2013 inclusive, with Canada retaining an irrevocable ption to extend the Contract for two (2) additional one (1) year periods. The work includes the ability to instruct candidates on simulators and will involve the development of simulator scenerios and the evaluation of candidate performance. The simulators are located at CFB/ASU Shilo, Manitoba. There is a security requirement associated with this requirement. The requirement is subject to the provisions of the World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP), the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), and the Agreement n Internal Trade (AIT). Closing Date: January 06, 2012, 14:00. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Almonte, Cathleen PO Box 1408, Room 100 167 Lombard Ave. Winnipeg Manitoba POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37350.txt	FCNB 2011-087 ECHO ULTRASOUND UNIT - NB FacilicorpNB Brunswick Square 1 Germain Street, Suite 902 SAINT JOHN New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. 1: Unit of measure :  Quantity:  Organisation id :  Description :  MEDICAL EQUIPMENT SURGICAL/DIAGNOSTIC AND ACCESSORIES Bonnie White FacilicorpNB Brunswick Square 1 Germain Street, Suite 902 SAINT JOHN New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
31145.txt	Prime Consultant Services for Boiler Replacement & Chiller tower Design project, Edmonton Zone, Devon General Hospital Contact : Natalie Viczko Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
37269.txt	Opportunity Description: Advance Contract Award Notice Gene Array Genotyping Assay Kits.   Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid.   Attachment: None   Substitutes: None   Nature of Requirement: Gene Array Genotyping Assay Kits   Vendor Name and Address:  Affymetrix Inc.  3420 Central Expressway  Santa Clara, CA 95051    To contract with Affymetrix Inc. on behalf of the University of Alberta, Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutritional Sciences to purchase a large quantity of Genotyping Assay Kits to perform both high and low density genotyping. These kits are required as only assay kits from Affymetrix are approved for use on the Affymetrix manufactured GeneTitan MC Instrument. 
37278.txt	2011 India Air Service Development Strategy The Tourism Division of Alberta Tourism, Parks and Recreation wishes to retain a consulting firm to prepare a 2011 India Air Service Development Strategy for Alberta. The Strategy will serve as a planning document to guide the identification of charter and scheduled air service opportunities between India and Alberta. The Strategy will identify challenges and opportunities that need to be addressed. It will also quantify the potential market size in India, an outlook for India-Alberta travel, and set forth specific strategies and tactics that support the devleopment of charter and scheduled air service between Alberta and India. Additionally, the Strategy will use stakeholder feedback to inform how the Government of Alberta and industry stakeholders can coordinate efforts to realize the joint objectives indentified. URL_TAG 
27718.txt	Opportunity Description: Engineering, Procurement, Delivery (DDP – Incoterms 2000) and Installation of all components that will increase the arc resistance of the existing Switchgear in addition to upgrading the Metal-Clad Switchgear installed at the Owner's Lambton Substation.
39160.txt	Construction Manager at Risk Services for Cart Washer Disinfector Installation, Edmonton Zone, Sturg Construction Manager at Risk Services for Cart Washer Disinfector Installation, Edmonton Zone, Sturgeon Community Hosptial URL_TAG 
32811.txt	EVALUATION OF THE FEDERAL CONTAMINATED SITES ACTION PLAN NOTICE  K0A20-11-0009 EVALUATION OF THE FEDERAL CONTAMINATED SITES ACTION PLAN Intellectual Property  The Crown has determined that any intellectual property arising from the performance of the Work under the Contract will vest in Canada, on the following grounds:  6.4 Where the main purpose of the Crown Procurement Contract, or of the  deliverables contracted for, is: 6.4.1 To generate knowledge and information for public dissemination;  Mandatory Security Requirement  The Bidder must hold a security accreditation to the level of Secret at the time of response to this request for proposal. Only those members of the proposed team that hold security clearances to the level of Secret at the time of the contract award will be allowed to access "protected" material. All clearances must be maintained for the duration of the contract. In order to demonstrate this requirement, the key members must be listed, along with their clearance level and the security clearance number. Language Requirement  Contact and interviews must be conducted in the official language of preference of the incumbent. The Contractor must demonstrate that he/she can conduct interviews in both official languages by attesting that they have sufficient bilingual capacity and the team member(s) is/are fluently bilingual, (English and French). Confidentiality  The parties anticipate that it may be necessary to transfer to each other information relating to the Licensed Process, Patents, Trade-mark, Know-How or other information relating to this Agreement, of a confidential nature. The parties shall keep all such information confidential during the life of this Agreement and for a period of five years after expiration or termination of this Agreement. Subject to the Access to Information Act, R.S. 1985, c.A-1, the parties agree that the terms of this Agreement are confidential and each party shall use the same degree of care to prevent disclosure of the terms of this Agreement to third parties as it uses to protect its own confidential information of similar nature. Purpose:  Environment Canada's Evaluation Division, in consultation with Program Managers, is seeking the consulting services, under these Terms of Reference, to conduct the evaluation of the Federal Contaminated Sites Action Plan.  Background  Contaminated sites are those where substances occur that pose or are likely to pose an immediate or long-term hazard to human health or the environment. These sites are often a legacy of past practices where the environmental implications of undertaking certain activities were not fully appreciated. There are tens of thousands of contaminated sites in Canada, many of which are privately owned or have reverted back to municipalities and provinces. Federal contaminated sites are contaminated sites located on lands owned or leased by the federal government, and sites on non-federal lands where the federal government has accepted full responsibility of the contamination. As of June 2011, it was estimated that there were approximately 21,000 actual or suspected federal contaminated sites in Canada, of which approximately 10,000 were classified.  A coordinated, horizontal strategy to address federal contaminated sites was developed partially in response to the October 2002 Report of the Commissioner of the Environment and Sustainable Development (CESD) which was critical of the lack of progress on federal contaminated sites. Among other things, the report stressed the need for stable, long-term funding; a firm central commitment and leadership to rank sites; and an action plan to address the highest risk sites. It also called for increased action on abandoned northern mines.  Budget 2003 announced funding of $175 million over two years to address contaminated sites, which Treasury Board (TB) approved as the Federal Contaminated Sites Accelerated Action Plan. Budget 2004 subsequently announced $3.5 billion in funding over 10 years to support the cleanup of federal contaminated sites. Since it was known that the remediation of larger, northern projects was expected to require 15 years or more to complete, FCSAP was approved in 2005 as a 15 year program, with a notional envelope of $1.454 billion for its first five years (2005-2006 through 2009-2010). In January 2009, accelerated action over a two year period (2009-2010 to 2010-2011) on FCSAP was announced in Canada's Economic Action Plan as part of an economic stimulus package to encourage growth and restore confidence in the economy. Budget 2011 announced funding ($148.87M over 5 years) for program management and site assessment activities.  FCSAP was developed as a cost-shared funding program to assist federal departments, agencies and consolidated Crown corporations (custodians) in addressing the risks to human health and the environment, as well as the remediation liabilities associated with these contaminated sites.  The primary objectives of FCSAP are to reduce environmental and human health risks from known federal contaminated sites and associated federal financial liabilities in the Public Accounts of Canada, while giving priority to higher risk sites.  FCSAP contributes to the assessment and remediation of individual federal contaminated sites. It complements ongoing federal contaminated sites management activities by custodians and is to be applied to those priority sites where the nature and mobility of contaminants represent the highest risk to human health and the environment.  The responsibility for the management, assessment and remediation of federal contaminated sites rests with the custodians. They identify, assess, and classify sites for priority using the Canadian Council of Ministers for the Environment (CCME) 2008 National Classification System for Contaminated Sites (NCSCS) or the 2009 FCSAP Aquatic Sites Classification System, obtain regulatory approvals, coordinate with other government departments, conduct public outreach and implement projects.  The FCSAP Secretariat, housed at Environment Canada, provides guidance and leadership to custodians. The FCSAP Secretariat is responsible for the administration of the program, including leading and coordinating its development and ongoing delivery, coordinating the review of project proposals, resolving program issues, monitoring the program and managing the project eligibility and annual reporting process. The Secretariat also coordinates data management activities, tracks funding requests and transfers, project expenditures and develops the Priority Projects List. The Secretariat develops procedures to ensure interdepartmental consistency in program implementation and also provides clerical and administrative services to the FCS ADM Steering Committee (the mandate of which is to provide program oversight, approve program priorities, recommend funding approval to Treasury Board Ministers, and provide strategic direction for the FCSAP), FCS DG Committee (which supports the FCS ADM Steering Committee at the operational level) and the Contaminated Sites Management Working Group (CSMWG), which is the working-level committee representing all custodians and the four Expert Support Departments (ESDs), Environment Canada, Health Canada, Fisheries and Oceans Canada, and Public Works and Government Services Canada, as well as other federal representatives with an interest in contaminated sites management. The Treasury Board Secretariat (Real Property and Materiel Policy Division) provides the policy framework for the management of federal contaminated sites and supports the work of the FCSAP Secretariat by providing leadership, policy advice and ensuring program consistency with Treasury Board policy. Treasury Board Secretariat administers and maintains the Federal Contaminated Sites Inventory and assists the FCSAP Secretariat with the monitoring of and reporting on government-wide progress in addressing federal contaminated sites funded under the FCSAP. The science-based ESDs comprised of Environment Canada, Health Canada and Fisheries and Oceans Canada have largely contributed to the development of a scientifically-credible framework to assess and remediate priority sites in a consistent manner across government.  As part of their key roles, the ESDs are engaged at different steps during a contaminated site project lifecycle. When projects are submitted to the FCSAP Secretariat for funding consideration, these ESDs review the documentation, including site classification. Increased scrutiny will be taken on site classifications to ensure that the limited funding is directed towards the highest priority projects.  Public Works and Government Services Canada, the fourth ESD under FCSAP, is responsible for improvements to the procurement process for custodians. PWGSC develops and provides project management tools, training on the use of these tools and disseminates information on innovative technologies. PWGSC also coordinates forecasts of project requirements and procurement opportunities to support linkages to other federal priorities and provides information to industry. The logic model for the FCSAP is presented in Appendix A and provides information on the linkages between program activities and outputs of each of the three program components and the collective outcomes of the FCSAP (immediate, intermediate and ultimate).  Objectives and Scope:  The scope of work to be completed under these terms of reference should focus on the following two key areas, as per the 2009 Treasury Board Evaluation Policy: Relevance: The extent to which the program addresses a continued need, is aligned with Government priorities, and is aligned with federal roles and responsibilities; and  Performance: The extent to which the program has achieved its expected outcomes, and demonstrates efficiency and economy.  The scope of the evaluation will include all 19 FCSAP participating organizations (i.e., federal departments, agencies, crown corporations), and the three core program elements components (i.e., expert support, secretariat, custodians), presently involved in the FCSAP, with an emphasis on results achieved. The focus will be on all federal contaminated sites and projects that have been identified, assessed and/or worked on during the fiscal years of 2008-09 to 2011-12. Evaluation issues related to efficiency and economy will be examined from the inception of the program in 2003-2004 to present.  Statement of Work:  The Contractor will  Develop and finalize the Evaluation Workplan in fiscal year 2011-2012 based on a review of the Terms of Reference for the evaluation Attend a project initiation meeting between the consultant and the Program Evaluation Working Group (PEWG) to discuss the upcoming evaluation process  Gather all pertinent information: obtain the actual documentation from all participating organizations create a list of potential key informants conduct preliminary scoping interviews recommend literature and possible case studies related to FCSAP develop and finalize the evaluation methodology, including the evaluation questions and the evaluation approach finalize all evaluation methodology instruments, including key informant interview guides for all categories of stakeholders, document review guides and case study guides Develop an evaluation workplan incorporating comments from the Program Evaluation Working Group (including the evaluation approach, methodology, draft methodology instruments and schedule) based on a review of the Terms of Reference for the evaluation, including Appendix B, which presents a set of evaluation issues and questions, as per the 2009 TB Evaluation Policy, as well as potential indicators and data sources. Appendix B should be considered a starting point for the development of an evaluation matrix, and will need to be adapted to reflect the requirements of this evaluation project.  Conduct the evaluation once the above evaluation method report is approved by the Program Evaluation Working Group.  Develop preliminary findings; prepare and deliver a detailed PowerPoint presentation to summarize the preliminary findings for the purpose of validation. The evaluation findings and conclusions should be summarized according to evaluation issue and should follow an agreed upon outline.  Prepare a draft and final report, incorporating comments, including: A profile of the FCSAP Validated evidence-based findings, conclusions, and recommendations  Demonstrated link between raw data and findings in appropriate format A brief executive summary of the key points found in the evaluation report. Revise and finalize the draft report reflecting input from the departmental representative. Provide all working papers related to the project, including questionnaires, interview notes, and documents reviewed A maximum of 40 pages (excluding appendices) Provide bi-weekly progress reports to the departmental representative against the evaluation workplan (1 page outlining significant achievements/challenges and strategies for overcoming challenges). Attend key meetings either in person (in the National Capital Region) or by teleconference, as needed, including the launch meeting, presentation on preliminary findings, and discussion on draft report (at least 3). Overall, the following reports are required: evaluation workplan; preliminary findings report/deck; draft report; and final report.  The Departmental Representative is responsible to: Provide all relevant background information, as well as suggestions for interviews (to be provided to the Departmental Representative by each participating FCSAP organization); Schedule an initial meeting to launch the evaluation and solidify the work schedule  Establish an evaluation committee (PEWG) comprising FCSAP program representatives, as well as evaluation representatives from the participating FCSAP organizations; Organize PEWG meetings and provide meeting facilities as needed; Distribute draft documents to PEWG members for comments; Collate all feedback from the PEWG into one set of comments for the Contractor;  Be available for consultation as the project progresses;  Review bi-weekly progress reports; and Approve the final evaluation report. Project Deliverables  The deliverables under the awarded contract will include: 1. Evaluation Workplan – to be completed on or before March 31, 2012. 2. Preliminary Findings – to be completed on or before October 31, 2012. 3. Draft Report – to be completed on or before January 31, 2013. 4. Final Report and all Working Papers – to be completed on or before March 31, 2013. 5. Bi-weekly progress reports. The report will not be considered final until approval of the evaluation findings, recommendations and management response is received from the Departmental/Agency Evaluation Committees. Ongoing consultations with the supplier may be required until final approval has been received. The working papers must be submitted to the project authority in an organized electronic format using Microsoft Office 2007. The working papers must be presented in the format agreed to by the project authority. One hard copy and an electronic version of the final report must be provided to the project authority. The PowerPoint presentation of findings should be submitted in electronic format. All copies should be double sided and printed on recycled paper.  Milestone Payment Fiscal Year 2011-212: 20% of the total professional fees will be paid following the completion, delivery and acceptance of the Evaluation Workplan. Fiscal Year 2012-2013: 40% of the total professional fees will be paid following the completion, delivery and acceptance of the Preliminary Findings. 30% of the total professional fees will be paid following the completion, delivery and acceptance of the Draft Report. 10% of the total professional fees will be paid following the completion, delivery and acceptance of the Final Report and all Working Papers. Project Cost  The fiscal year for the Government of Canada ends on March 31, and for contracts which span more than one fiscal year, the contractor will be required to specify the level of effort in fees and expenses achievable between the date of the contract and March 31 of one year as well as April 1 and the end of the contract in subsequent fiscal years. This is multiyear contract. Environment Canada has established funding for this project at a maximum amount of $200,000.00 excluding applicable taxes broken down as follows: Fiscal year 1 - From date of award to March 31, 2012 up to a maximum amount of $40,000.00 which includes up to a maximum amount of $2,000.00 for travel expenses and up to a maximum amount of $1000.00 for administrative expenses; Fiscal year 2 - From April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013 up to a maximum amount of $160,000.00 which includes up to a maximum amount of $2,000.00 for travel expenses and up to a maximum amount of $1000.00 for administrative expenses; Travel will be reimbursable at cost in accordance with the Treasury Board Travel Directive that is in effect at the time of travel and supported by receipts, vouchers, or other appropriate documents. Total value of contract not to exceed $200,000.00 excluding applicable taxes. This covers the period from date of award to March 31, 2013. 
27688.txt	The City of Calgary requires the services of a qualified consulting firm to provide concrete inspection and testing services and a qualified consulting firm to provide metallurgical inspection and testing services for the 52nd Street Bridge. Contact : Jaibe Bridge Téléphone : 403-268-6961 Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
39228.txt	ELECTRICAL UPGRADES – GOOSEBERRY COVE, NL Supply all plant, labour, equipment and materials for electrical upgrades for the existing wharf at Gooseberry Cove, NL in strict accordance with specifications and accompanying drawings. The work under this project consists of all work required for the provision of a new electrical services associated with an existing wharf as indicated on the drawings and in the specifications. This work shall include but not necessarily be limited to the following: Supply and installation of electrical service and distribution equipment Supply and installation of power pedestals on the wharf, including wiring devices and junction boxes as indicated Supply and installation of lighting fixtures as indicated Connection to existing underground conduits indicated Install new conduit for services indicated Coordination of services with Newfoundland Power for supply of new service and removal of existing service to obsolete shed Construction of new electrical shed, including concrete slab as specified Supply and install new fenders to accommodate conduit as identified Supply and install new ladders as indicated TO OBTAIN TENDER DOCUMENTS PLEASE SEND REQUEST VIA FAX TO 709-772-6121, CONTAINING THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: Project Number Project Title Company Name and Contact Mailing Address Physical Location Telephone Number and Fax Number DELIVERY OPTION 1. Courier Collect Supply courier Name and your Account Number 2. Mail 3. Pickup Documents are not available through e-mail or Fax Please note: Only the Summary of Work is Documents is available in ENGLISH and FRENCH. The remaining Documents are available in ENGLISH only. 
37215.txt	Leopard Family of Vehicles- Common Spare Parts Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Leopard Family of Vehicles- Common Spare Parts W8476-123353/B Franzini, Laura Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Canada has a requirement for Common Spare Parts to support the Leopard 2 Family of Vehicles (FOV). All items are outlined in Annex B and Annex C. In order to be rendered compliant, bidders must provide a price for both the firm quantity and option quantitiy as outlined in Annex B and Annex C. Annex C has been broken down into 18 bundles, the lowest overall price for each bundle will be recommended for contract. Bidders can bid on individual bundles and items as utlined in Annex B and Annex C, or all of the requirement. Annex A of this requirement can be found at W8476-123353/A. Delivery is requested as soon as possible to CFSD Montreal, Quebec and CFSD Edmonton, Alberta. Drawings and specifications are not available. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Franzini, Laura 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier Place du Portage Phase III 6C1 Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29468.txt	Power and Cooling Systems Solicitation W8475-115171/A - PW-$$HN-323-57138 has been cancelled. Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Tendering Procedures: Open Technical Documents: None Dubeau, Stéphane 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39152.txt	Government Office Move Services IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN SUBMITTING A BID, YOU SHOULD ORDER THE REQUEST FOR STANDING OFFER DOCUMENTS AND FOLLOW ALL THE INSTRUCTIONS WITHIN IN ORDER TO SUBMIT A BID. TITLE: Regional Individual Standing Offer (National Capital Region) – Government Office Move Services Trade Agreements that Apply to this Requirement: The solicitation is subject to the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the World Trade Organization - Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP) and the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT).   Debriefings: Offerors may request a debriefing on the results of the request for Standing Offer process within 15 working days of receipt of the results of the request for standing offers process.  REQUIREMENT: To establish a Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) to provide timely and appropriate government office moving services to Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) clientele in a dispersed portfolio of a minimum 25 buildings within the NCR on an "as and when required" basis. OBJECTIVE: CBSA Accommodations manages accommodation projects and provides related services to over 4,000 employees in the National Capital Region (NCR). CBSA is committed to responding to health and safety issues that arise in the workplace and may require an immediate response to move, relocate and/or install office related furniture and equipment (i.e., adaptive equipment and ergonomic furniture).  The estimated number of call-ups anticipated is about 115 per year.  STANDING OFFER PERIOD: The Standing Offer shall be for a period of one year from the date of issuance with the option to extend the Standing Offer for an additional two one-year option periods.  MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS: An offer must comply with the requirements of the Request for Standing Offer and meet all mandatory technical evaluation criteria to be declared responsive. The responsive offer with the lowest evaluated price will be recommended for issuance of a standing offer. Partial bids will not be accepted. INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS Commercial General Liability Insurance, All Risk Property Insurance and Warehouseman's Legal Liability Insurance are incorporated and form part of the RFSO. Certificates will be accepted prior to issuance of the Standing Offer.   Issuance of the Standing Offer will be contingent on the recommended bidders ability to provide certification of insurance. 
35434.txt	DISC CENTRIFUGE PARTICLE ANALYZER Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exclusive Rights Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: CPS Instruments, Inc. 41452 Bess Rd. Prairieville Louisiana United States 70769 Nature of Requirements: DISC CENTRIFUGE PARTICLE ANALYZER The National Research Council (NRC) has a requirement for one (1) disc centrifuge particle size analyzer. Researchers from the National Research Council (NRC) are currently optimizing the dispersion of nanomaterials in various liquid matrices. In order to assess the dispersion and/or aggregation of the nanomaterials the NRC needs to acquire a disc centrifuge particle size analyzer. This instrument will be used for a wide range of materials therefore it needs to be versatile and robust. As we are dispersing and characterizing particles from ~1 nm to close to several µm (or even ten's of microns long in some cases such as carbon nanotubes) the instrument needs to have a very large dynamic range. In particular, the instrument will be used to analyze the dispersion, stability of dispersions and shelf life of carbon nanotube formulations with a wide range of viscosity and density. For practical reasons, as several samples will be analyzed daily and routinely, the sedimentation rate must be adjustable and this requires a large-g force instrument and automating the process (with an autosampler) is critical to insure efficiency an productivity. Some nanomaterials are smaller than 10 nm and again the requirement of large G-force is needed. The equipment must: · Achieve a maximum disc speed of at least 24,000 rpm · Achieve a minimum disc speed of 600 rpm · Maximum measurable particle size > 40 µm · Minimum measurable particle size < 0.003 µm · Minimum resolution 10% · Typical resolution < 5% · Capability to calibrate with a known standard · Minimum accuracy (Compared to calibration standard) +/- 2% · Typical accuracy +/- 0.5% · Minimum repeatability +/- 2% · Typical repeatability +/- 0.5% · High resolution A/D Interface · Detector response time < 0.25 seconds · Curved light source · Solvent compatible disc and wetted parts · Capability materials less dense than water · Speed ramping during acquisition · Autogradient builder · Capable of either internal or external calibration · 2 calibration standards · Capable of handling viscous materials · Time of analysis less than 45min/sample for highest dynamic range and/or smallest particle size · Autosampler capable of running a minimum of 16 samples unattended · Benchtop unit · Warranty: 2 years Software must: · be Windows software · Overlay of data from several samples · Distribution statitics · Reporting modes: weight, surface area, number, absorption · Ability to install software on data analysis stations (min 2) as well as data acquisition station (1) · Capability to export to CSV, ASCII or other formats recongnized by Microsoft Excel · Warranty: 2 years The only known supplier meeting these requirements is CPS Instruments, Inc., Stuart, FL, USA. For these reasons, it is proposed to negociate directly with CPS Instruments, Inc., Stuart, FL, USA. Delivery and installation must be completed on or before March 31, 2012. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Caron, Anne 11 Laurier St./ 11 rue, Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
39109.txt	Remeasurement Interpretation of MB Ecosystem Monitoring Network Photo Plots The purpose of this Request for Proposal (RFP) is to solicit Proposals from qualified Proponents to provide Interpretation and Automation to the National Forest Inventory specifications for 36 photo plots to the specifications described in Appendix "A" Specifications. Manitoba Conservation acquired 36 Manitoba Ecosystem Monitoring Network (MEMN) / National Forest Inventory (NFI) photo plots. Remeasurement interpretation of change and automation is required for the MEMN and NFI photo plots (2 km by 2km). Plot information is to be updated to capture all change from the initial interpretation. This also requires updating the establishment format of the data to the remeasurement format.  Manitoba is seeking an Agreement for Services for a term commencing January, 2012 until March 31, 2012. 
35509.txt	Project Management Services - Beaumont Community Centre Centre Communautaire Beaumont Community Centre Project Management Services Request For Proposal The purpose of this Request for Proposal is to solicit proposals from service providers to perform the services ("Services") described in Schedule A forming part of the attachment. The CCBCC invites Proponents to submit a formal proposal in response to this Request For Proposals. Closing Time and Address For Proposal Delivery Proposals must be received before 4:00 pm MST, Thursday, December 15, 2011 (the "Closing Time") by: Centre Communautaire Beaumont Community Centre Care of Bob Payette, Town Liaison Town of Beaumont 5600 – 49 Street Beaumont, AB, POSTALCODE_TAG Mark sealed envelope: CCBCC Project Manager Submissions by fax or email shall not be accepted. There shall be no extension to the Closing Time for the submission of Proposals. URL_TAG 
37235.txt	Maintenance services for Iskwasum Lake Campground at Grass River Prov Park, MB Providing maintenance services for Iskwasum Lake Campground located within Grass River Provincial Park, Manitoba.  For further inquiries, or for a copy of the tender documents, please contact: Manitoba Conservation  Regional Services and Parks Box 2550 The Pas, MB POSTALCODE_TAG Attention: Rodney D. Forbes Phone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG Email: EMAIL_TAG Deadline for application - March 2, 2012 
27730.txt	PROVIDE VARIOUS PLUMBING WORK SERVICES at the Canadian Space Agency (CSA) The purpose of this Request for Proposal is to solicit bids from interested Canadian organizations specializing in various types of plumbing work (including parts and labour) on as and when requested basis to be carried out at the Canadian Space Agency (CSA). 
37206.txt	ARMY OPERATIONS TRAINING INSTRUCTOR Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: If 3+ bids offer Canadian goods/services ther bids will not be considered Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: ARMY OPERATIONS TRAINING INSTRUCTOR W3915-120030/A Porter, Marta M. Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Requirement: Department of National Defence, CFB Kingston, Kingston, Ontario, requires the services of a Contracted Instructor to fulfill one task as Tutorial Three Syndicate Directing Staff which includes a combination of classroom activities and exercises. The aim of Tutorial Three is focused n teaching the Operational Planning Process (OPP) and applied at the Brigade Group Level. Details of this requirement found in Annex "A" of the solicitation package. Tutorial Three is taught entirely in Kingston Ontario using the training facilities in Fort Frontenac for lectures and syndicate work at CFB Kingston for the exercises. At time of bid submission, the Contractor's personnel must hold a valid RELIABILITY STATUS, granted or approved by CISD/PWGSC. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Porter, Marta M. Kingston Procurement Des Acquisitions Kingston 86 Clarence Street, 2nd floor Kingston Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37220.txt	For the PRODUCTION AND STOCKPILING OF AGGREGATE  TENDER Sealed tenders for the work listed below will be received by CORPORATE SUPPORT BRANCH, MINISTRY OF HIGHWAYS AND INFRASTRUCTURE, 240 HENDERSON DRIVE, REGINA, SASKATCHEWAN POSTALCODE_TAG until 2:00 p.m. CST on the specified tender close date and will be opened in public immediately thereafter. Tender forms and contract documents can be downloaded from URL_TAG CONTRACT NO. H11194 For the PRODUCTION AND STOCKPILING OF AGGREGATE in the vicinity of Eston, Kerrobert, Kyle and Rosetown; for a TOTAL OF 16 STOCKPILES. Approximate Quantities: -Hauling Aggregate: 1 690 000 t.km -Base Aggregate: 18 000 t -Seal Coat Aggregate Type 117: 23 500 t  Tender Closes: December 20, 2011 Deposit with each Tender - 5% of Total Bid  Rob Penny, Deputy Minister 
31209.txt	The successful proponent will work with AHS to manage all aspects of the Workforce Engagement Survey Project including consultations, survey design, hosting, and development of a comprehensive workforce engagement survey to AHS physicians, staff and volunteers. Feedback will be used to form strategies/action plans to improve workforce engagement and provide comparable data for measuring progress and success of strategies and actions focused on improving employee, volunteer and physician engagement and satisfaction. Contact : Shelley Lefebvre Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
39279.txt	12-010 Prequalification for Prime Contractor for Construction Projects The goal of this prequalification is to develop a list of Prime Contractors for tendering purposes, who meet the minimum standards to be considered for City of Calgary construction work, according to work category. The four elements of compliance are 1) Commercial, 2) Safety, 3) Environmental and 4) Technical. This document will provide prequalification for the following types of work: Infrastructure, Roadworks and Earthworks Bridgework Facilities/Buildings Construction & Repair Traffic Signal Construction Streetlight Construction Waste & Recycling Services Landscape Construction & Maintenance Irrigation Construction & Maintenance Urban Forestry Construction & Maintenance (Arboricultural & Horticultural) Water & Wastewater Construction – Utilities & Facilities This is an on-going pre-qualification and submissions will be accepted throughout 2012. URL_TAG 
31197.txt	Opportunity Description: TENDER IS AVAILABLE AT WWW.NBPOWER.COM TENDER Sealed tenders will be received and opened in the afternoon of the closing date on the 6th Floor, 515 King St. Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG, for the following: Goods and/or Services NB POWER NUCLEAR CORPORATION Water-JJL Supply of Water and Fruit Punch for a two (2) year period - Point Lepreau Generating Station November 14, 2011 @ 1:30 pm, AST Tender documents may be obtained from: URL_TAG The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. Les soumissions sous enveloppe cachetée seront acceptées jusqu'à la date limite, et le dépouillement aura lieu l'après-midi du même jour, au 6e étage, 515, rue King, Fredericton (N.-B.) POSTALCODE_TAG. Biens et/ou services ÉNERGIE NUCLÉAIRE NB Water-JJL Fourniture d'eau et punch aux fruits pour une période de deux (2) ans - Centrale de Point Lepreau Le 14 novembre 2011 à 13 h 30 HNA Les documents d'appel d'offres peuvent être obtenus auprès de : URL_TAG et URL_TAG Ni la plus basse, ni aucune des soumissions ne sera nécessairement acceptée. This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must btain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. Tenders available online at <u>NB Power</u>. Item #: 1 Commodity No.: N8960B WATER, DISTILLED (SPRING)     TENDER IS AVAILABLE AT WWW.NBPOWER.COM TENDER Sealed tenders will be received and opened in the afternoon of the closing date on the 6th Floor, 515 King St. Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG, for the following: Goods and/or Services NB POWER NUCLEAR CORPORATION Water-JJL Supply of Water and Fruit Punch for a two (2) year period - Point Lepreau Generating Station November 14, 2011 @ 1:30 pm, AST Tender documents may be obtained from: URL_TAG The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. Les soumissions sous enveloppe cachetée seront acceptées jusqu'à la date limite, et le dépouillement aura lieu l'après-midi du même jour, au 6e étage, 515, rue King, Fredericton (N.-B.) POSTALCODE_TAG. Biens et/ou services ÉNERGIE NUCLÉAIRE NB Water-JJL Fourniture d'eau et punch aux fruits pour une période de deux (2) ans - Centrale de Point Lepreau Le 14 novembre 2011 à 13 h 30 HNA Les documents d'appel d'offres peuvent être obtenus auprès de : URL_TAG et URL_TAG Ni la plus basse, ni aucune des soumissions ne sera nécessairement acceptée. La présente est un avis d'appel d'offres seulement. Afin de présenter une soumission, vous devez obtenir les documents de soumission officiels en vous adressant au Réseau de possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick, à un service de distribution autorisé ou à une autre source telle qu'indiquée dans l'avis d'appel d'offres. On peut se procurer le document d'appel d'offres à <u>Énergie NB</u>. Nº d'article: 1 Ndegrees de la marchandise: N8960B WATER, DISTILLED (SPRING)     Administrative address is NB Power 515 King St. P.O. Box 2000 Fredericton, New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG     L'adresse administrative est NB Power 515 King St. P.O. Box 2000 Fredericton, Nouveau-Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG
35495.txt	OFFICE FURNITURE DESK OFFICE FURNITURE DESK THIS PROCUREMENT OPPORTUNITY IS NOT SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT ON INTERNAL TRADE AND THE ATLANTIC PROCUREMENT AGREEMENT. DELIVERY REQUIRED WITHIN 6-8 WEEKS FROM RECEIPT OF PURCHASE ORDER UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED IN THIS DOCUMENT, PRICES QUOTED SHALL BE FOB DESTINATION. External attachments exist for this tender. If you HAVE NOT received the attachments described in this document, you may log on to URL_TAGent Purchasing Agency at PHONENUMBER_TAG. THE "ATLANTIC PROVINCES STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS" APPLY TO THIS TENDER/RFQ, AND MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY, OR BY WAY OF THE INTERNET AT: WWW.GPA.GOV.NL.CA YOU ARE REQUIRED TO SUPPLY UP TO DATE MATERIAL SAFETY DATA SHEETS - APPLICABLE TO ANYTHING REGULATED UNDER TRANSPORTATION OF DANGEROUS GOODS, OR THE SHIPMENT CANNOT BE ACCEPTED. 336 - PRICES QUOTED SHALL BE IN CANADIAN FUNDS. UNLESS STATED OTHERWISE IN THE INVITATION, BIDS MUST REMAIN OPEN TO ACCEPTANCE AND ARE IRREVOCABLE FOR A PERIOD OF 90 DAYS AFTER THE INVITATION CLOSING DATE. PRICES QUOTED ARE TO BE EXCLUSIVE OF HST AND GST. EFFECTIVE APRIL 1, 1997, GOVERNMENT WILL NOT BE EXEMPT FROM THE HARMONIZED SALES TAX (H.S.T.) OR THE GOODS AND SERVICES TAX (G.S.T.). APPLICABLE TAXES WILL BE APPLIED AT INVOICING STAGE. DISREGARD TAX COLUMN ON THIS FORM. UNSIGNED TENDERS/RFQ's SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED. BRAND NAMES AND NUMBERS ARE USED FOR REFERENCE PURPOSES ONLY. QUOTATIONS ON EQUIVALENT PRODUCTS WILL BE CONSIDERED CONTACT FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT JOAN MOULAND AT PHONENUMBER_TAG. RESPONSES MAY BE RETURNED VIA FAX AT PHONENUMBER_TAG, OR MAY BE RETURNED TO GPA AT THE ADDRESS ABOVE UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED HEREIN. SUPPLY AND INSTALL The vendor shall be liable for, and shall indemnify and hold harmless the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador, its agents and employees from and against all claims, demands, losses, costs, damages, actions, suits or proceedings, whatsoever arising under any statute or Common Law: (1) In respect of personal injury to or the death of any person whomsoever arising out of or in the course of or caused by the carrying out of the work; and (2) In respect of any injury or damage whatsoever to any property, real or personal or any chattel real, insofar as such injury or damage arises out of or in the course of or by reason of the carrying out of the Work. The vendor shall not be liable if the injury, death, loss or damage is due to any act of neglect of the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador, its agents or employees. 134 - Facsimile Tender/Quotations Tender or quotation documents submitted by facsimile must be received "in full" at the Government Purchasing Agency by the specified Closing Time. Documents in transmission after the Closing Time will be considered late tenders or quotations.  +++NOTE TO VENDORS++++ 109 - Brand Names and Numbers (Literature) If no change is indicated on your Invitation to Tender/Request for Quotation, it is understood that you are quoting on the brand name(s) and number(s) and specifications as requested. If quoting other than requested, brand name(s) and number(s) on which you are quoting SHALL be clearly indicated, and manufacturers' literature and specifications SHALL be submitted with your Invitation to Tender/Request for Quotation; otherwise your Invitation to Tender/Request for Quotation SHALL NOT be considered. THIS TENDER SHALL BE AWARDED IN TOTAL Line NO: Item NO./Description Quantity / UOM Unit Price Extended Tax 1 OFFICE FURNITURE DESK; AS PER ATTACHED SPECIFICATIONS 1 EACH Note: In order to be notified of amendments  to this tender, suppliers must go directly  to the Newfoundland government tendering web site at URL_TAG and register to receive amendments for this tender  document. 
28296.txt	Seven Persons Creek Bank Stabilization Project The City of Medicine Hat is requesting bids for the following work: Seven Persons Creek Bank Stabilization Project (Downstream of Shannon Bridge along Saamis Funeral Home and ADM Mills property). The Work shall include the supply of all labour, equipment and materials to perform the work as designated by the approved drawings and as specified in the tender documents. All work in the stream or on stream banks is required to be completed by December 15, 2011 to avoid erosion issues in the spring. Asphalt and concrete surfacing, fencing, landscaping and irrigation repairs can be competed in 2012, prior to May 30th, 2012 if necessary. A non mandatory site meeting will be held at 10:00 AM, on Tuesday, October 25, 2011 at the Parks and Outdoor Recreation Department office. Bidders are strongly encouraged to pick up the Tender Package (see below) PRIOR TO attending the site meeting. GENERAL CONTRACTORS WISHING TO BID ON THE PROJECT CAN ONLY OBTAIN THIS TENDER PACKAGE FROM THE CITY'S PURCHASING DEPARTMENT AT CITY HALL, IN MEDICINE HAT. URL_TAG 
39154.txt	Truck & Chassis for Gravel Box, SnowPlow and Sander The County of Stettler is inviting interested bidders for the purchase of a Truck & Chassis for a gravel box (summer), snowplow & sander (winter). This truck will also pull a tridem axle gravel trailer. ADDENDUM ISSUED: January 3, 2012 - to fix printing problem URL_TAG 
31642.txt	East Coast Ports Emission Inventory Trade Agreement: NAFTA/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Interchangeable Parts Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: Morrow Environmental Consultants Inc. 8648 Commerce Court Burnaby British Columbia Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Nature of Requirements: East Coast Ports Emission Inventory T8125-110138/A Armstrong, Wendy Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting officer identified above. THIS IS NOT A COMPETITIVE BID SOLICITATION. You are hereby notified that the government intends to solicit a bid and negotiate with one firm only as identified above. If you wish to submit a written response showing that you are capable of meeting this requirement, it must be done not later than the specified closing date and time. Responses received on or before the closing date will be considered solely for the purpose of deciding whether or not to conduct a competitive procurement. Information provided will be used by the Crown for technical evaluation purposes only and is not to be construed as a competitive solicitation. Your written response must provide sufficient evidence (e.g. specifications, technical data, drawings, or any other proof) that clearly demonstrates that your product or service is capable of fulfilling this requirement. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. Suppliers that have submitted a response will be notified in writing of PWGSC's decision to continue with the non-competitive procurement or to compete the requirement. Requirement: The consultant will develop a detailed, activity-based inventory f air emissions associated with both marine and land-based port-related operations. For further information see attached Appendix "A". The total dollar value for the requirement is $366,928.00 including HST. Reason for Single Tendering: This research project will complement the on-going West Coast Emission project by extending the scope of the emission inventory to all Canadian Ports Authorities. As required, data manipulation and/or database model refinement may be necessary to utilize the activity and commodity data available at the eastern ports. SNC-Lavelin designed the Ports Model to be used for this work. The SNC-Lavelin Project Manager and team has carried out numerous Port Inventories and established contact with the individual Port Authorities that are essential to the successful execution of this project, and without which both data collection time and corresponding costs for this project would be significantly higher. There is no other contractor in Canada that has completed a Canadian Port emissions inventory following current Transport Canada Protocol. The team has in-depth knowledge of methodologies and methods relevant to this port inventory project and in addition will be provided with access to Port Infrastructure tenants and databases, and work colloboratively with the CPA's and terminal operators. APPENDIX "A" TRANSPORTATION DEVELOPMENT CENTRE WORK STATEMENT Canadian East Coast Ports Emissions Inventory September 2011 1 INTRODUCTION Port Emissions Inventories are currently organized around four primary emission source groups: Cargo Handling Equipment, Rail, Trucking, and Marine Vessels. During the past few years, several large U.S. ports have used this organizational structure to prepare port emission inventories (EIs). The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has produced guidelines and criteria to support ongoing port assessments, which are contained in a report published in 20091. Currently, a Canadian West Coast Port emission inventory project comprising the Ports of Metro Vancouver, Port of Prince Rupert, Port of Nanaimo and the port f Port Alberni is in progress. A new project seeks to extend this initiative to the national scale by including a number of east coast CPA's. The new emission Inventory work would be carried out on a voluntary basis and include all Great lakes andh East Coast Ports including Hamilton, Toronto, Thunder Bay, Montreal, Quebec City, Sept Iles, St. Johns, and Halifax. The inventory will be used by Transport Canada (TC) and Canadian Port Authorities (CPAs) to improve their understanding of the contribution of these sources to air shed emissions, ambient air quality, and associated risks. Having estimates for port emissions inventories would provide a more complete picture of the spatial distribution of national emissions. It would also allow port authorities to identify the linkages between port-related activities and the environment, thus allowing them to explore more emissions reduction initiatives. The port inventories are intended as a collaborative effort between the CPAs, Environment Canada (EC) and Transport Canada. Additional consultation with other industry representatives and/or agencies may take place on an as-needed basis, as determined a Steering Committee representing the major stakeholders. The inventory will be developed to the extent practicable, consistent with similar inventories developed for ther North American ports, and will make use of the best available methodologies at the time of its development. 2 BACKGROUND Growing concerns about the contribution of marine transport to emissions, particularly the concerns in major port cities about the overall activities arising from vessels, transhipment, associated rail and trucking, warehousing, etc., have led to a need for development of port emissions inventories using a consistent approach. In 2007, Transport Canada's initiated a project to develop Key Port Utilization Indicators (KPUIs) for major Canadian ports to measure and track progress towards achieving supply chain efficiency and environmental goals. The TC Report entitled "Port Emissions Inventory Protocol and Port Indicators" was released in 2009. It provides a methodological tool to allow Canadian ports to assess emissions caused by their local operations in a consistent manner. The TC report establishes a more detailed protocol than the EPA guidelines, including for example backcasting, forecasting, and assessment f the effects of past and future emission reduction initiatives. The intent was to develop an approach that could be used consistently across all 17 Canadian Port Authorities (CPAs) (regardless of their size and importance of their operations) to develop emission inventories for criteria air contaminants (CAC) and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Making use of the TC database Tool and Guide the Transport Development Centre is engaged in a project to develop national port inventories which will include a more detailed approach to estimate vessel emissions than the one used in past TC projects. Port Emissions Inventories (PEIs) are currently ongoing for the four western CPA ports and this project will extend this initiative to the east coast CPA's. 3 OBJECTIVE The objective of this study is aimed at producing a comprehensive marine and landside emission inventory for the ports of Hamilton, Toronto, Thunder Bay, Montreal, Quebec City, Sept Iles, St. Johns, and Halifax in accordance with the TC Database Tool and Guide. This tool will allow major ports to measure and track progress towards achieving supply chain efficiency and environmental goals. The objective is to fill in any gaps identified in previous EIs, develop new EIs where no work has previously been done and to ensure all baseline estimates and forecasts are consistent with the 2010 operations year. The inventory will be used by Port Authorities and regulatory agencies to improve their understanding of the contribution of these sources to air shed emissions, ambient air quality, and associated risks. 4 SCOPE The consultant will develop a detailed, activity-based inventory f air emissions associated with both marine and land-based port-related operations. The inventory is to be conducted using a bottom-up approach consistent with current best practices applied in emission inventories at North American ports. Emission estimates are to be determined for both CACs and GHG emanating from four major source groups comprising: marine vessels, cargo handling equipment (CHE), rail locomotives, and motor carriers. This includes administrative/stationary perations, as well as an assessment of the use or activity of that equipment and associated emissions. The inventory will include the activities throughout the entire Port jurisdiction f the designated CPAs including: · A detailed inventory of emissions in 2010 associated with the CPAs · Quantification of emission reduction measures in place and in the future · Forecast of the 2010 emission inventory in five year increments through 2025 Data required to carry out the project will be made available to members of the Steering Committee in accordance with a confidentiality agreement related to, but not limited to, the distribution, use and presentation of results. The consultant will enter into a confidentiality agreement with the Port tenants. 5.0 WORK DESCRIPTION 5.1 Work Plan This Statement of Work requires the development of a detailed work plan including; an activity schedule, a cash flow projection, project management controls, liaisons with sponsoring/performing organizations, submission of reports, etc. A project management software program is to be utilized for the development and monitoring of the detailed work plan for this project. This will allow full documentation and tracking of each task, and will provide timely and accurate progress reports. 5.2 East Coast Port Inventory The work requires the contractor to carry out an east coast ports inventory. The contractor will be expected to work with port-related industries including tenants, rail providers and truckers in addition to the designated CPAs, TC, and EC in the collection of data and development of the emission inventory. The contractor will assume the responsibility for collecting the data and ensuring its accuracy. The Transportation Development Centre (TDC), in conjunction with, EC and the CPAs, TC will act as a facilitator and technical advisor to assist in the collection of data and the preparation of the inventory. The contractor will be required to complete the following tasks: Task 1.0 Assessment of Source Activities Marine sources for the purpose of this study comprise all commercial vessel classes operating within the port boundaries including, but not limited to, general cargo vessels, bulk cargo vessels, tankers, cruise ships, vehicle ferries, passenger ferries, tugboats, and coastal vessels. Cargo Handling Equipment includes non-road equipment associated with cargo on terminals and/or used to move cargo at terminals, to and from marine vessels, railcars, and trucks. Stationary equipment used to transfer commodities such as boilers, pumps, and electrically powered gantry cranes are included within cargo handling equipment sources. Rail sources in the study area include emissions from line haul and switch yard locomotive engines involved in the movement of goods and services within, to, and from each terminal. Trucks, for the purpose of this study, include on-road vehicles used to move commodities and provide services within, to, and from each terminal. On-road fleet vehicles operated by the terminals are included in truck sources. Administrative/Stationary operations, for the purpose of this study, include sources associated with buildings, lighting, and ther miscellaneous sources within the port boundaries. Task 2.0 Define Spatial Boundaries and Temporal Resolution of Inventory Task 2.1 Spatial Boundaries The geographic port boundaries include facilities on port lands. The EI boundaries for Port Montreal and Port Halifax are those defined in the past inventory studies. Boundaries for the Port f Sept Iles and the Port of Hamilton may also have been established (but require review). The spatial boundaries for ports of Quebec City, Toronto, St. Johns, and Thunder Bay will be defined in consultation with the respective Port Authorities. The consultant will estimate emissions resolved spatially by individual terminal/facility and the entire port jurisdiction for the base year 2010 and forecast years of 2015, 2020, and 2025. The consultant will also develop specifically for the base year 2010 only, geo-referenced data suitable for large-scale modelling. The geo-referenced data will be made available to members of the Steering Committee in accordance with a confidentiality agreement related to, but not limited to, the distribution, use, and presentation of results. Distribution of geo-referenced data is intended to ensure data accuracy but not to single out individual companies or operators. Task 2.2 Temporal Resolutions The consultant will estimate annual emissions for the base year 2010 and forecast years of 2015, 2020, and 2025. The consultant will also develop specifically for the base year 2010 only, temporal resolution profiles for all sources to allow the estimation of emissions by month of the year, day of the week, and hour of the day. Task 3.0 Air Contaminants and Emission Factors and Methods Task 3.1 Establish Air Contaminants Provide an inventory of common air contaminants (NOx, SOx, PM, PM10, PM2.5, VOC, CO), ammonia, greenhouse gases (CO2, N2O, CH4), and air toxins for which appropriate emission factors are available. Consistent with other inventories completed or underway in North American Ports, the Ports Inventory and forecasts will include the following: Criteria air contaminants (CACs): particulate matter (total PM, PM10, PM2.5, elemental, organic and sulphate-based) nitrogen oxides (NOx) sulphur oxides (SOx) volatile organic compounds (VOC) carbon monoxide (CO) ammonia (NH3) Greenhouse Gases (GHGs): carbon dioxide (CO2) methane (CH4) nitrous oxide (N2O) The final list of air contaminants included in the inventory will be based on those with sound emission estimation methodologies, and will be established in consultation with the Steering Committee. Task 3.2 Emission Factors and Methods The consultant shall review the available emissions factors (and specific energy consumption factors), with an emphasis on any factors or information that have become available in recent years. For each of the activity sources assessed within the inventory, the consultant shall define suitable emission factors that are compatible with the activity metrics. The study will address all shipboard emissions sources, including: propulsion engines, auxiliary engines, diesel-electric engines, boilers, refrigerant losses, and cargo evaporative losses. Emission factors are unique depending on engine type and size, engine cylinder size (where applicable) e.g., slow/medium/high-speed diesel. In addition, fuel quality/type, viscosity and sulphur content e.g., residual/heavy fuel; distillate fuel has a determinant effect on emission factors. Task 4.0 Transport Canada's Port Emissions Inventory Model The consultant shall utilize Transport Canada's Port Emissions Inventory Model (database tool) and Guide for compiling inventories of atmospheric and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in the Ports. This tool will be made available to the successful bidder, along with background information and supporting data. The consultant shall employ this latest version of the Tool to update/develop the current database accounting for changes to the 2010 inventory. The database tool shall be submitted along with the final deliverables. The TC Database Tool and Guide will be used to calculate both the marine and the landside emissions inventory (LEI) comprising CHE, rail, and motor carriers. The contractor shall employ the methodology described in the TC Port Emission Inventory Protocol. Task 4.1 Emission Estimates and Reporting Basis The emission estimates should be resolvable and reported (within the database tool) so that the emissions associated with a source can be examined and aggregated/disaggregated by: Air contaminant (NOx, SOx, GHG, toxins, ...) Geographic Boundary (Terminal, Port, Geo-referenced, ...) Temporal Boundary (Annual, Monthly, Daily, Hourly, ...) Associated Commodity (Container, Bulk, ...) Source Group (CHE, Rail, Truck, Administrative/Stationary, ...) Equipment Type (Reach Stacker, Yard Truck, Boiler, Crane, ...) Mode of operation (Idle, Queuing, Transit, ...) Fuel Type (Diesel, Gasoline, Propane, Natural Gas, Electricity, Biofuels, ...) Engine Type (CI, 4 stroke, 2 stroke, electric, ...) Engine Tier/Technology (Tier 0, emission level regulation, ...) Engine Retrofits (DOC, DPF, hybrid, ...) Additional Reporting criteria: Equipment populations Fuel/Energy consumption (litres, kWh, ...) Activity hours and/or relevant activity-based metrics 5.3 Final Report Prepare and deliver a draft final report to the TDC of TC, documenting and assessing the project recommendations and conclusions pertaining to the work carried out in Section 5.2. The consultant will prepare a comprehensive report on the methodology and findings of all study tasks, clearly stating all assumptions made. A concise executive summary, complete with supporting graphs and tables and prepared in a format and style specified in Section 10.0 will accompany the report. A final report inMicrosoftWord shall be provided 6 weeks after the completion f Task 4 of Section 5.2. The consultant will submit a final report that addresses TC's feedback on the draft report, and will submit any supporting documentation, within one month of receiving TC's feedback on the draft report, and not later than March 31, 2013.The final report will integrate important parts of prior progress reports into one a stand alone summary of the project including an executive summary and the overall conclusions. This document will be subject to the standard review and comment terms described in Section 11.0 of the Statement of Work. 6 SCHEDULE OF WORK 6.1 Timeline The project should start upon award of contract of work described herein (Section5) and be completed by March 31 2013. The consultant will arrange regular progress/steering meetings with Transport Canada during the project, either in person or by teleconference. 6.2 Project Meetings Project review meetings shall occur as deemed necessary by the Project Officer or at the request of the contractor. The members f the steering committee shall be invited to attend and advised in advance of each meeting. The contractor shall prepare, and submit for mutual approval, the minutes of each meeting. The contractor shall attend the following project meetings with TDC: · Kick-off meeting (Ottawa, Montreal) · Presentation of progress reports (Ottawa, Montreal) · Presentation of draft final report (Ottawa) 7 SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS 7.1 Project Requirements 7.1.1 Accessibility Provision is to be made for TDC Scientific Authority or his representative to have access to the project office(s) at any time during the program period. 7.2 Information Dissemination 7.2.1 Authorization to Present Research Authorization to submit a paper or presentation on the research performed under this contract for an event such as a conference r for publication in a journal or periodical must be obtained from the TDC Project Officer. The submission/proposal must include acknowledgement of TDC's involvement as well as a copyright notice. If accepted for presentation or publication, the paper or presentation must be reviewed and approved by the TDC Project Officer prior to the deadline for final submission. The final paper/presentation must also acknowledge TDC's involvement and carry a copyright notice (to be provided by TDC). 7.2.2 Credit for TDC Support Contractors are encouraged to publicize their research; however, all publicity is to be coordinated with the TDC Project Officer, and credits are to be given to TDC involvement, giving particular care to the spelling of "Transportation Development Centre". 7.2.3 Illustrative Deliverables Suitable opportunities for the creation of visual material should be sought during the course of the contract (in the form f slides, photographs, videotapes, or drawings), illustrating the concepts and technical equipment being developed or tested. In the case of digital images, contractors are asked to provide these in high-resolution format (minimum 300 dpi). 7.2.4 Presentation Material Deliverables At the conclusion of the work, and no later than the submission f the final report, a PowerPoint presentation is to be delivered to TDC on the work carried out and on results achieved. 8 PROJECT CONTROL The project shall be controlled by a Critical Path Method (CPM), Programme Evaluation and Review Technique (PERT), or other similar responsibility assignment and scheduling methods/techniques. Budgets for each project element should be prepared at the start of the project and monitored regularly to ensure resources available are compatible with estimates to complete the work. 9 PROGRESS REPORTS Progress reports shall be submitted electronically on a milestone basis to the TDC Project Officer. These reports shall be prepared using theMicrosoftWord template entitled TDC Progress Report (form TDC/CDT 2004-001), and the electronic file saved as a *.doc file named according to the following convention: Contract number, year-month-day.doc e.g., T8200-123456-789-ABC, 2004-10-27.doc Progress reports are prepared in the official language of the contractor's choice. 10 REPORT DELIVERABLES 10.1 Language The final technical report is prepared in the official language f the contractor's choice. Translation will be the responsibility of TDC. 10.2 General Report Requirements The final technical report shall meet these general requirements: 10.2.1 The report shall be prepared in accordance with the "TDC Publication Standards and Guidelines for Contractors (TP 929)", available on TDC's web site: URL_TAG Contractors are expected to be thoroughly familiar with TP 929. Reports are subject to review by TDC for quality control and adherence to TP 929. 10.2.2 The report will be assigned an identification number (TP number) by TDC. 10.2.3 The report must include a summary in both official languages. The summary may be either an executive summary section in the report or a separate document. (Decision to proceed with the latter must be made in consultation with the TDC Project Officer.) 10.2.4 The report must include a Publication Data Form (TDC/CDT 79-005 Rev. 96) (PDF) in both official languages. 10.2.5 Translation of the summary and the Publication Data Form (PDF) will be supplied by TDC. At the draft report stage, the contractor must submit the summary as well as the PDF abstract and key words in electronic format produced on or converted to Microsoft Word 2000. TDC will provide the contractor with electronic files or camera-ready copies of the PDF and the summary in both languages for reproduction in the final report. 10.2.6 SI (metric) units shall be used (unless special exception is warranted.) 10.3 Deliverable Requirements 10.3.1 The contractor shall provide 25 copies of the final technical report after review and approval by TDC. 10.3.2 Two electronic versions of the report are required either n a CD-R or a USB key. The first must be produced as or converted to a Microsoft Word 2000 document. The second must be an Adobe portable document format (pdf) file. The disk should contain the entire text of the report in one *.doc file as well as one *.pdf file, and carry a label specifying the software version used, the title of the report, and the TP number. The disk should also contain source files of all digital images (minimum 300 dpi) produced during the course of the contract. 10.4 Delivery Schedule of Reports 10.4.1 The schedule for submission of reports by the contractor and response by TDC shall be: a) The contractor shall submit 5 print copies and one electonic copy (Microsoft Word) of each progress report to be tabled at the Progress Review Meeting upon completion of milestones. b) The contractor shall submit 5 print copies and one electonic copy (Microsoft Word) of a draft of the final technical report, including the summary and the Publication Data Form abstract and keywords. c) TDC will provide technical comments on the draft report 2 weeks after receipt. TDC will provide editorial comments 2 weeks after receipt of the revised draft report. d) TDC will then provide electronic files or the camera-ready masters of the report summary and the Publication Data Form in both official languages 4 weeks after receipt of the revised draft report. e) The contractor shall provide 25 print copies of the final technical report, electronic files, and other final deliverables (including working papers and suppliers' documentation) 2 weeks after TDC has given the permission to print. 10.4.2 For control purposes, report deliverables shall be delivered to: Communication Services, Transportation Technology and Innovation Directorate Place de Ville, Tower C, 25th Floor 330 Sparks Street, Ottawa, Ontario, POSTALCODE_TAG 11 TRANSFER OF SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE 11.1 Identification of deliverables Prepare and submit to TDC a list of all equipment, material and supplies procured under the contract, as well as any prototype equipment, systems and software constructed and/or developed under this contract. This list shall be forwarded to TDC along with the draft final report; 11.2 Delivery to TDC All equipment procured or constructed during the contract, any software procured or developed during the contract, as well as any relevant documentation (technical manuals, software manuals, software source listings, file format descriptions etc.) shall be delivered to TDC or disposed of as directed by TDC. 11.3 Software Licensing All software licenses procured during the contract shall be transferred to TDC at the completion of the work unless therwise agreed to; the arrangements necessary to accomplish this transfer shall be made with the licensee at the time of purchase. 12 MANAGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (IP) Any intellectual property arising from the Research and Development carried out in the course of Work under the Contract will be vested in Canada Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Armstrong, Wendy 800 Burrard Street, 12th Floor 800, rue Burrard, 12e etage Vancouver, BC POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
31210.txt	The Regional District of North Okanagan is seeking operations contractors f r the Greater Vernon Recycling and Disposal Facility (GVRDF), the Armstrong/Spallumcheen Recycling and Disposal Facility (ASRDF) and the Lumby Recycling and Disposal Facility (LR DF). The GVRDF is located at 120 Birnie Road in Vernon, the ASRDF is located at 3367 Power hosue Road in the Spallumcheen and the Lumby RDF is located at 221 Trinity Valley Road in Electoral Area. The Contractor will be monitored closely and will be expected to uphold hig h operational standards and to comply with all relevant federal, provincial and local reg ulations related to the operation of municipal solid waste management facilities. The format of the tender allows for the submission of Tenders for one, two r all three facilities or certain combinations thereof. Tbe GVRDF has been in operation since the early 1980's. The quantity of Mu nicipal Solid Waste disposed annually at the GVRDF is approximately 40,000 tonnes. An ad ditional 17,000 tonnes of material is segregated at the facility annually for recycling. The ASRDF has been in operation since the early 1900's. The quantity of Mu nicipal Solid Waste disposed annually at the ASRDF is approximately 13,000 tonnes. An ad ditional 3,500 tonnes of material is segregated at the facility annually for recycling. The LRDF has been in operation since the early 1970's. The quantity of Mun icipal Solid Waste disposed annually at the LRDF is approximately 2,200 tonnes. The scope of work at each of the RDFs generally involves the hauling, placi ng, compacting, covering and segregating of municipal solid waste and recyclable materials entering the facilities; maintenance of buildings, roads, ditches, tipping areas, fencin g, landscaping and other RDF equipment and/or structures; and assisting customers with was te disposal and recycling. Scalehouse operations and inspection services are not included in the scope of work in this Tender. Tenderers must register wit Dale Danallanko Regional District of North Okanagan 9848 Aberdeen Road Coldstream British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Contact : Dale Danallanko Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : BC Adresse Web : URL_TAG
36950.txt	Water testing equipment ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Procurement Services Branch DATE ISSUED: 09/12/2011 ISSUED BY: Rob Ellis TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG If you have questions on the tendering procedures or clarification is required on product contact Rob Ellis PHONENUMBER_TAG Bidder must indicate if unable to meet delivery date of December 30, 2011 If NO, then indicate delivery in   working days from receipt of the rder ASSOCIATED COMPONENTS (that is, Request for Quotation-(RFQ)) documents must be purchased from MERX to be considered. To obtain the official RFQ document please follow the "Associated Components: Preview/Order" link at the top of this page. Bidders must "login" to MERX to access the General Terms & Conditions which apply to this RFQ, in addition to those shown below. After "login" follow the links - Information - Government Publications -Manitoba Terms and Conditions - Request for Quotation General Terms & Conditions Bidders must "login" to MERX to access the General Terms & Conditions which apply to this RFQ in addition to any attachments. After login follow these links: Government Resources-Manitoba Terms & Conditions-Request for Quotations If you have faxed your quote to PSB and wish to confirm that all pages have been received please call our general inquiry line PHONENUMBER_TAG Vendor's e-mail address:   Quantities listed contains 2 decimal points  ITEM QTY DESCRIPTION DELIVERY NO. DATE ======================================================== ITEM 10 30/12/2011 4.00 Each GSIN: N5210MATERIAL: 56439 ENCODER, WATER LEVEL SHAFT, WITH SDI-12, REVOLVES ONE ROTATION OF THE 5/16 INPUT SHAFT INTO 400 INCREMENTS, MUST USE SOLID STATE LOW POWER OPTICAL SENSOR TECHNOLOGY, HAVE A BUILT IN SURGE PROTECTOR AND A INTERNAL BACK-UP BATTERY, MUST ACCEPT COMMANDS AND RETURN DATA IN THE INDUSTRY STANDARD SDI-12 FORMAT, ALLOWING IT TO INTERFACE WITH DATALOGGERS THAT HAVE SDI-12 COMMUNICATION PORTS SUCH AS SATELLITE WATER LEVEL RECORDERS, MUST HAVE SPECIFIED SCALING FOR DIFFERENT CIRCUMFERENCE PULLEY WHEELS, MUST HAVE RANGE LIMITED BY SDI-12 TO 7 DIGITS WITH 2 AND 3 DECIMAL PLACE RESOLUTION, MUST HAVE A 2 LINE BY 8 CHARACTER LCD DISPLAY WITH BACKLIGHT, MUST BE CAPABLE OF MEASURING MAX-MEAN AND AVERAGE WATER LEVELS Please indicate: Brand name and product # of item offered is exactly as requested above: YES   or NO   If NO please advise information on the product offered as follows: Manufacturers Name  Brand Name  Product / Style Number   Bidder's catalogue/reference number ( if applicable)   ======================================================== ITEM 20 30/12/2011 6.00 Each GSIN: N6685MATERIAL: 55197 SENSOR, PRESSURE/TEMPERATURE, 0.75 INCH DIAMETER, 0.1 FSO, TWIST OPEN HOUSING, WITH CABLE HOOKUP AND DESICCANT TUBE, SEI-12 V1.3 INTERFACE, ABSOLUTE AND GAUGE VERSIONS, PSIG RANGE FROM 5, 15, 30, 50, 100 TO 300, CABLE IS AN INTEGRATED COMPONENT OF THE UNIT ORDERED BY THE FOOT AND CALIBRATED TO THE SENSOR BASED ON THE CABLE LENGTH, INSTRUMENTATION NORTHWEST INC #SDI-12 Please indicate: Brand name and product # of item offered is exactly as requested above: YES   or NO   If NO please advise information on the product offered as follows: Manufacturers Name  Brand Name  Product / Style Number   Bidder's catalogue/reference number ( if applicable)   ======================================================== Warranty If the product(s) offered on this quote are covered by a manufacturer's and/or seller's warranty, then complete details of warranty and location f service Potential costs associated with the location of warranty service may be used in the evaluation of this quote State location of manufacturer's certified and/or approved warranty service, closest to the point of delivery ,   VENDOR INFORMATION: RIGHT TO REISSUE RFQ Manitoba reserves the right to cancel and/or reissue the RFQ where, in Manitoba's sole opinion, none of the quotes submitted in response to the RFQ warrant acceptance or where it would be in the best interests of Manitoba to do so. Costs incurred in the preparation, presentation and submission of a quote shall be borne entirely by the Bidder. Manitoba shall not reimburse any bidders for any costs if the RFQ is cancelled or reissued. AUTHORIZED VENDOR: Manitoba reserves the right, prior to any contract award, to secure evidence to Manitoba's satisfaction that any bidder is the manufacturer r an authorized distributor, dealer or retailer of the goods offered and is authorized to sell these goods in Manitoba and upon request will provide Manitoba with written evidence thereof. CANADIAN FUNDS Manitoba prefers to receive quotations in Canadian funds. If the pricing offered is quoted in a currency other than Canadian then the currency must be clearly identified on the quote document. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE ADDRESS Due to our computerised accounts payable system please advise if your invoice address (accounts receivable) is the same as the address for orders / quotes shown above. YES   or NO   If NO provide complete details i.e. box #, street address, city, province, postal code, etc.  MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX LICENSE Are you licensed by Manitoba Finance to collect and remit Manitoba's Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO  If NO disregard the following paragraph. MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX Is the product(s) offered subject to Manitoba's Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO   If the quote consists of both taxable (T) and non-taxable ( NT) items please indicate T or NT opposite each item offered. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD FOR "GOODS WITH RELATED SERVICES" DEFINITIONS: "Aboriginal Business" means a business that is at least 51% aboriginal wned and controlled and, if it has six or more full-time employees, at least one-third of its employees must be Aboriginal persons. "Aboriginal Business Directory" means a business directory of Aboriginal businesses that meet Manitoba's definition of an Aboriginal business. 'Aboriginal Business Standard" means terms and conditions that indicate that Aboriginal business participation is desirable but not mandatory. "Aboriginal Person" means a First Nations, Non-status Indian, Métis or Inuit person who is a Canadian citizen and resident of Canada. ABORIGINAL PROCUREMENT INITIATIVE Manitoba is committed to community economic development as a key component of its economic strategy. It intends to develop a provincial economy that is more inclusive, equitable and sustainable. Procurement practices are one means that can be used to contribute to the growth of Aboriginal businesses. In that regard, Manitoba developed the Aboriginal Procurement Initiative (API). The objective of API is to increase the participation of Aboriginal businesses in providing goods and services to Manitoba. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD Aboriginal participation is desired but bids will not be disqualified if there is no Aboriginal business participation. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS DIRECTORY Manitoba has established a directory of Aboriginal businesses called the "Aboriginal Business Directory". This directory is a list of Aboriginal businesses (including non profit organizations and economic development corporations) that have self declared as an Aboriginal Business meeting that definition under the API. It is neither comprehensive nor exhaustive but may be a useful resource to identifying Aboriginal businesses for potential partnering or sub-contracting purposes. Aboriginal businesses not listed in the Directory may also be used. Registration in the Aboriginal Business Directory does not guarantee certification as an Aboriginal business, as business status may change; therefore formal certification is required in the formal tender process. Aboriginal businesses are encouraged to register by contacting Procurement Services Branch. For specific inquiries related to the Aboriginal Business Directory please contact: Mark Freedman Vendor relations Coordinator Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation 2nd floor - 270 Osborne Street N. Winnipeg, Manitoba Ph. 204-945-0826 Fax: 204-945-1455 Email: EMAIL_TAG For all other general inquiries related to this tender opportunity, please contact the name of the individual(s) identified on page one of this tender document. YOUR QUOTATION REFERENCE #(if applicable)   Proposed Delivery Address: FOB Destination: Manitoba Water Stewardship Box 14-200 Saulteaux Crescent Winnipeg, Manitoba POSTALCODE_TAG Attn: Gerry Syrenne PHONE NUMBER: PHONENUMBER_TAG FAX NUMBER: PHONENUMBER_TAG TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO: Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation Procurement Services Branch 2nd Floor-270 Osborne St. N. Winnipeg, MB POSTALCODE_TAG,,,, r fax to; 204-945-1455 
39229.txt	ELECTRICAL UPGRADES – SOUTHPORT, NL Supply all plant, labour, equipment and materials for electrical upgrades for the existing wharf at Southport, NL in strict accordance with specifications and accompanying drawings. The work under this project consists of all work required for the provision of a new electrical services associated with an existing wharf as indicated on the drawings and in the specifications. This work shall include but not necessarily be limited to the following: Supply and installation of electrical service and distribution equipment Supply and installation of power pedestals on the wharf, including wiring devices and junction boxes as indicated Supply and installation of lighting fixtures as indicated Supply and installation of underground conduits Install new conduit for services indicated Coordination of services with Newfoundland Power for supply of new service and removal of existing service to existing shed Construction of new electrical shed, including concrete slab as specified Supply and install new fenders to accommodate conduit as identified Supply and install new ladders as indicated TO OBTAIN TENDER DOCUMENTS PLEASE SEND REQUEST VIA FAX TO 709-772-6121, CONTAINING THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: Project Number Project Title Company Name and Contact Mailing Address Physical Location Telephone Number and Fax Number DELIVERY OPTION 1. Courier Collect Supply courier Name and your Account Number 2. Mail 3. Pickup Documents are not available through e-mail or Fax Please note: Only the Summary of Work is Documents is available in ENGLISH and FRENCH. The remaining Documents are available in ENGLISH only. 
29389.txt	ANALYSER-CHARGER,BATTERY Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: ANALYSER-CHARGER,BATTERY W8474-125892/A Kelly, Peter Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Line1, ANALYSER-CHARGER,BATTERY, CHARGING VOLTAGE IN VOLTS: 1.25 MINIMUM AND 30.0 MAXIMUM CHARGING CURRENT RATING IN AMPS: 2.0 MAXIMUM AC VOLTAGE RATING: 90.0 VOLTS MINIMUM AND 250.0 VOLTS MAXIMUM FREQUENCY RATING: 47.0 HERTZ MINIMUM AND 63.0 HERTZ MAXIMUM BATTERY TYPE FOR WHICH DESIGNED: LEAD-ACID ALKALINE AND NICKEL-CADMIUM OVERALL WIDTH: 11.0 INCHES NOMINAL OVERALL HEIGHT: 3.6 INCHES NOMINAL OVERALL DEPTH: 16.7 INCHES NOMINAL SPECIAL FEATURES: INPUT 225 WATTS MAXIMUM; OUTPUT 160 WATTS MAXIMUM; ANALYZES NICKEL CADMIUM AND NICKEL METAL HYDRIDE BATTERIES WITH BATTERY VOLTAGES OF 1.25 TO 30.0 VOLTS AND BATTERY RANGE OF 100 MILLIAMPERE HOURS TO 24 AMPERE HOURS; ANALYZES SEALED LEAD-ACID BATTERIES AND LITHIUM ION BATTERIES WITH BATTERY VOLTAGES OF 2.0 TO 30.0 VOLTS AND BATTERY RANGE OF 100 MILLIAMPERE HOURS TO 24 AMPERE HOURS. PART: C7000ER NSCM: 43678 PART: 07-778-0000 NSCM: 43678 PART: 07-740-1100 NSCM: 43678 Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Kelly, Peter 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31173.txt	Supply 330 cords of seasoned firewood to Provincial Parks in the NW Region of Manitoba  Manitoba Conservation  NOTICE OF TENDER NW-3486-2011/12 Separate Sealed Tenders will be received by: Manitoba Conservation  Attention: Rodney D. Forbes Box 2550 – 3rd and Ross Avenue The Pas MB POSTALCODE_TAG Phone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG Email: EMAIL_TAG Up to 12:00 Noon, Friday, December 2nd, 2011 For the Following Work: Supply 330 cords of seasoned firewood to the Provincial Parks in the Northwest Region. The firewood is to be blocked into 14 inch lengths and any lengths more than 12 inches in diameter must be split. The price per cord is to include the delivery of the firewood to the following locations: 80 Cords to Bakers Narrows Provincial Park Maintenance Yard. 120 Cords to Clearwater Provincial Park Maintenance Yard. 40 Cords to Wekusko Falls Provincial Park Campground. 30 Cords to Gyles Campground Woodlot in Grass River Provincial Park. 30 Cords to Iskwasum Campground Woodlot in Grass River Provincial Park. 30 Cords to Reed Lake Campground in Grass River Provincial Park. All bidders be aware that the tender must be completed by March 15th, 2012. Tender Forms and/or information on the above tender can be obtained at the above noted address. The lowest or any tender may not be necessarily accepted.  
37212.txt	STRAINER ELEMENT Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: STRAINER ELEMENT W8482-120642/A Benoît Paquin Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Facsimile: PHONENUMBER_TAG Email: EMAIL_TAG The Department of National Defence has a requirement for the items mentioned below. The delivery is requested at: HMC Dockyard (Halifax) and CFB Esquimalt by March 31, 2012. Item 1, GSIN:N4730, NSN:4730219014244, STRAINER ELEMENT,SEDIMENT, Part No.: 416-059-15, NSCM/CAGE: 09685 Quantity:8, Unit of Issue:Each, to be delivered to CFB Esquimalt. Item 2, GSIN:N4730, NSN:4730219014294, STRAINER,SEDIMENT, Part No.: 8510103, NSCM/CAGE: 09685 Quantity:10, Unit of Issue:Each, to be delivered to HMC Dockyard, Halifax. Item 3, GSIN:N4730, NSN:4730219014294, STRAINER,SEDIMENT, Part No.: 8510103, NSCM/CAGE: 09685 Quantity:10, Unit of Issue:Each, to be delivered to CFB Esquimalt. Debriefings After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of notification that their bid was unsuccessful. The debriefing may be provided in writing, by telephone or in person. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Paquin, Benoit 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28074.txt	Opportunity Description: Provide and maintain safe passage for pedestrian and vehicular traffic  Keep site free of hazardous slippery snow and ice conditions at all times  Perform snow and ice clearing per site visit on a continuous basis until all priority areas are completed and cleared to the site satisfaction including all walkways, doorways and parking areas.  Contractor shall be able and available to provide snow and ice clearing services seven days a week and twenty four hours a day as necessary  Provide snow removal services during non- operational hours of facility where possible to minimize problems associated with pedestrian and vehicular traffic.  Ensure that snow and ice are cleared and completed prior to 7:00am – Monday-Friday – and prior to 9:00am on weekends (unless otherwise directed)  RMWB will evaluate the Contractor's performance and workmanship. When inadequate and unsatisfactory snow and ice clearing maintenance occurs, Contractor must return until site is deemed satisfactory to RMWB representative.  Ensure all aspects of snow removal are captured and conducted throughout the winter season or as applicable.  Contractor responsible for supply of all materials and equipment to complete service.  All work to be performed shall follow OH&S Acts and Regulation. 
28737.txt	SMP TRAILER - MISC. SPARES Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Lines 1 and 24, NATO Stock Number (NSN) 5305-21-907-8580, SCREW, CAP, HEXAGON HEAD. Spae Naur Inc., Kitchener ON (94223) part number (P/N) FT-9, or equal. Total quantity: 1,700. Unit of Issue: Each. Lines 2 and 29, NSN 5325-12-375-2572, RING, RETAINING. Jost-Werke GMBH, Germany (D0667) P/N 915.000.187, or equal. Total quantity: 8. Unit of Issue: Each Lines 3 and 28, NSN 5310-20-000-4218, NUT, SELF-LOCKING, HEXAGON. Spae Naur Inc., Kitchener ON (94223) P/N 172-020, or equal. Total quantity: 1,300. Unit of Issue: Each. Line 4, NSN 5305-20-002-2890, SCREW, MACHINE. Spae Naur Inc., Kitchener ON (94223) P/N 424-483, or equal. Quantity: 25. Unit of Issue: Hundreds. Lines 5 and 27, NSN 5310-20-002-2892, NUT, SELF-LOCKING, HEXAGON. Spae Naur Inc., Kitchener ON (94223) P/N 179-001, or equal. Total quantity: 40. Unit of Issue: Hundreds. Line 6, NSN 5365-20-002-2932, BUSHING, NONMETALLIC. Spae Naur Inc., Kitchener ON (94223) P/N 315-734, or equal. Quantity: 170. Unit of Issue: Each. Line 7, NSN 5365-20-006-0161, BUSHING, TAPERED. Active Gear Co. f Canada Ltd., Concord ON (38453) P/N 30-20-0015, or equal. Quantity: 25. Unit of Issue: Each Lines 8 and 26, NSN 5340-20-006-0426, COVER, ACCESS. Active Gear f Canada Ltd., Concord ON (38453) P/N 97-803-1002, or equal. Total quantity: 12. Unit of Issue: Each. Lines 9 and 25, NSN 5325-21-885-1968, RING, RETAINING. Manac, Div. de la Groupe CANAM, Saint-Georges QC (38129) P/N 30-3-750; r Atwood Mobile Products Div., Elkhart IN (56049) P/N 18405, or equal. Total quantity: 170. Unit of Issue: Each. Line 10, NSN 5340-01-540-4669, PLUG, VENT. Stemco Inc., Longview TX (26151) P/NPHONENUMBER_TAG, or equal. Quantity: 2. Unit f Issue: Each. Lines 11 and 34, NSN 5365-00-999-7024, BUSHING, METALLIC. Manac, Div. de la Groupe CANAM, Saint-Georges QC (38129) P/N 15-3-102 or 8489-DD20; or Arvin Ride control Products Inc., Toronto ON (37492) P/N 401011; or Maremont Corp., Brentwood TN (76110) P/N 401011, or equal. Total quantity: 700. Unit of Issue: Each. Line 12, NSN 5340-01-535-0191, CLAMP, LOOP. Grote Industries Inc., Madison, IN (81834) P/N 35040, or equal. Quantity: 150. Unit of Issue: Each. Lines 13 and 30, NSN 5315-01-531-2285, PIN, STRAIGHT, HEADLESS. Atwood Mobile Products Div., Elkhart IN (56049) P/N 85411, or equal. Total quantity: 300. Unit of Issue: Each. Lines 14 and 31, NSN 5310-01-485-6111, NUT, PLAIN, SLOTTED, HEXAGON. Max Marketplaces Inc., Dallas TX (9U920) P/N 101SLTJ5, r equal. Total quantity: 140. Unit of Issue: Each. Line 15, NSN 5340-01-393-8017, PLATE, MOUNTING. US Army Tank Automotive Command, Warren MI (19207) Standard Specification Number 7979573. Quantity: 7. Unit of Issue: Each. Lines 16 and 23, NSN 5340-21-910-8910, CATCH, FLUSH. Spae Naur Inc., Kitchener ON (94223) P/N 099-149, or equal. Total quantity: 75. Unit of Issue: Each. Lines 17 and 22, NSN 5315-21-914-7340, PIN, STRAIGHT, HEADED. Spae Naur Inc., Kitchener ON (94223) P/N 233-065, or equal. Total quantity: 480. Unit of Issue: Each. Lines 18 and 32, NSN 5310-01-160-4550, WASHER, FLAT. Beta Mfg. Co. Inc., Menomonee Falls WI (22271) P/N 16029; or equal. Total quantity: 70. Unit of Issue: Each. Lines 19 and 21, NSN 5325-21-920-8460, GROMMET, NONMETALLIC. Spae Naur Inc., Kitchener ON (94223) P/N 315-464, or equal. Total quantity: 100. Unit of Issue: Each. Lines 20 and 33, NSN 5315-01-022-0193, PIN, QUICK RELEASE. Spacelok Inc., Gardena CA (16258) P/N SLS16AB53; or Hartwell Corp., Placentia CA (83014) P/N LG16SB53M; or Avibank Mfg. Inc., North Hollywood CA (84256) P/N BLS16B53S; or equal. Total quantity: 150. Unit of Issue: Each. Delivery Date: 30/11/2011 The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Dumm, Jennifer 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 7A2, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28301.txt	Opportunity Description: For the Engineering, procurement, installation and commissioning in service of 2 (two) Substation Security Systems at the Owner's Summerside and Pound Maker Substation sites
29094.txt	Verification of Services & Client Satisfaction Survey To conduct telephone and on-line follow-up with individuals to verify services received and employment outcomes as reported by our Contractors and to measure client satisfaction with the services or programs. URL_TAG 
37201.txt	CSC-MAC Cheese Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: DESCRIPTION: This Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) request involves the provision, on an as and when ordered basis, of Cheese. IDENTIFIED USER: Correctionnal Service Canada, La Macaza Institution, La Macaza, province of Quebec. PERIOD OF STANDING PROPOSAL: From February 1, 2012 to January 31, 2013, divided into two (2) six- (6-) month periods. Note: Offers will have to be submitted for each period, as per the schedule in Annex "B". DELIVERY: DELIVERY CSC (La Macaza)  Delivery address Delivery hours and details La Macaza Institution 321, Chemin de l'Aéroport La Macaza (Quebec) POSTALCODE_TAG Tuesday and Thursday between 8:30 AM and 11:00 AM and between 12:30 PM and 4:00 PM. Delay: Delivery time will not exceed 72 hours after reception of a request. Delivery within 48 hours for emergencies. Security: Please note that there might be a delay entering and exiting the institution. The client may require that a security investigation be made on the supplier's delivery staff. Furthermore, the supplier shall ensure that his staff members carry a proof of identity at all times, or they will be denied access to the site. The delivery vehicles may be searched when entering and exiting the institution. QUANTITIES: The estimated quantities for each of the required items can be found in Annex B - Working Document - List of products. APPROXIMATE SCOPE OF THE STANDING PROPOSAL: The approximate scope of the Standing Proposal is $50,000.00 for the period from February 1, 2012 to January 31, 2013 inclusive. TRADE AGREEMENTS: "The requirement is subject to the provisions of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), and the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT)." Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Fournier, Caroline 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec City Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37224.txt	For the CONSTRUCTION OF A SHORT SPAN BRIDGE  TENDER Sealed tenders for the work listed below will be received by CORPORATE SUPPORT BRANCH, MINISTRY OF HIGHWAYS AND INFRASTRUCTURE, 240 HENDERSON DRIVE, REGINA, SASKATCHEWAN POSTALCODE_TAG until 2:00 p.m. CST on the specified tender close date and will be opened in public immediately thereafter. Tender forms and contract documents can be downloaded from URL_TAG CONTRACT NO. B11161 For the CONSTRUCTION OF A SHORT SPAN BRIDGE on Highway No. 55 over the Garden River approximately 24.1 km northeast of the junction with Highway No. 2 near Prince Albert, Saskatchewan. Approximate Quantities: -Design, Construction, Maintenance And Removal Of A  Temporary Detour: 1 Lump Sum  -Precast Prestressed Concrete Stringer Erection: 1 Lump Sum -Dismantling Of Existing Bridges: 1 Lump Sum -Spill-Through Slope Restoration: 1 Lump Sum -Granular Base Course In Place: 132 t -Asphalt Concrete In Place:135 t -324 mm Piling: 492 m -Supply And Installation Of Precast Concrete Abutment Caps: 1 Lump Sum -Supply And Installation Of Precast Concrete Pier Caps : 1 Lump Sum -Supply And Installation Of Precast Concrete Wall Panels: 1 Lump Sum Tender Closes: January 5, 2012 Deposit with each Tender - 5% of Total Bid  Rob Penny, Deputy Minister 
39117.txt	Colombo New Chancery Project The Project: The Government of Canada, through Foreign Affairs and International Trade Canada (DFAIT), is planning to relocate the existing Colombo Chancery to approximately (3500m ²) usable square metres at 6 Gregeory's Road. At present, the overall cost of construction for this project is estimated to be in the range of $11,000,000 CAD) + or - 10%. The anticipated time frame for commencement of the design work is April 2012. Scheduled construction start is June 2013 with a completion date of 03 June 2015 or earlier, with an occupancy date of 09 July 2015.  Scope of Work: The scope of work consists of providing architectural & engineering services for the fit-up of the new Chancery. All documentation to be developed by the Consultant will be produced in English. DFAIT is seeking proposals from firms with relevant professional experience in Colombo, Sri Lanka. The individuals assigned this project shall hold appropriate professional certifications and shall have the relevant professional experience and be fully licensed to practice in Colombo, Sri Lanka and Canada. The Consultant selected will be responsible for providing the following essential services: Analysis of Project Requirements; Project Control Plan to include a Risk Management Plan, an Organization Structure to ensure Cost, Schedule and Quality Control; Design Development based on floor plan provided by DFAIT; Preparation of ConstructionTender Documents; Pre-Tender Construction Cost Estimate; Tender Call & Evaluation & Award; Construction Contract Administration; Review Shop Drawings, Test Reports & Inspection; Coordinate Commissioning; Field Services and Site Visits; Administer Construction Contract Changes & Progress Claims; As-Built Drawings; Interim & Final Certificates of Completion; Compliance with Codes, By-Laws, Licences & Permits; Post-Construction Report; and Warranty Inspection.  All work performed by the successful Consultant must conform to and comply with all applicable codes, regulations and standards of Colombo, Sri Lanka and Canadian codes, regulations and standards including the 1995 National Building Code of Canada.  Experience Required: Proponents must have a minimum of seven (7) years of recent experience in A&E consulting accomplishments based on a minimum of three (3) major projects including successfully completed Class "A" major office building projects, embassy or other major construction and fit-up projects, with construction and fit-up costs over $2.0 million CAD and carried out in Colombo, Sri Lanka The Consultant (principal assigned to this project) must have a minimum of seven (7) years of recent experience in A&E consulting accomplishments based on a minimum of three (3) major projects including successfully completed Class "A" major office building projects, embassy or other major construction and fit-up projects with construction and fit-up costs over $2.0 million CAD and carried out in Colombo, Sri Lanka The Civil, Structural, Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (assigned to this project), each must have a minimum of seven (7) years experience in A&E consulting accomplishments based on a minimum of three (3) major projects including successfully completed Class "A" major office building projects, embassy or other major construction and fit-up projects, with construction and fit-up costs over $2.0 million CAD and carried out in Colombo, Sri Lanka expertise in Scope, Cost, Schedule, and Quality Control through the assignment of qualified professionals; proposed team must include professional architects and engineers fully licensed to work in Colombo, Sri Lanka; and Canada knowledgeable in design details, local construction laws and market practices. RFP Documents from MERX: Proponents shall order from MERX the Request for Proposals documents which include the RFP Invitation, Project Brief, Floor Plan, sample A&E Consultant Contract, Owners Fitting Out Manual/Renovation Guidelines, and other documents required to prepare the design and tender documents. Selection Process: The selection process is a one-stage competitive process wherein Proponents are invited to respond to this RFP and submit information relating to mandatory requirements, technical and price proposals. The proposals will be evaluated and scored as described within the RFP documents. The fee proposal shall consist of an all-inclusive fixed fee for the period of the project. Should DFAIT elect to proceed with the project, the Proponent with the proposal ranked best value will be invited to enter into a contract with DFAIT for the required services. In case of discrepancies between this Notice and the Request for Proposals documents, the Request for Proposals documents shall take precedence. 
36955.txt	Service Mapping of Ministry Services and Identification of Prioritized Service Improvement The competition detail and documents are currently available at https://URL_TAG5b8 This competition is for the provision of Service Mapping consulting. ITOContracts 
29282.txt	WINTER MAINTENANCE SERVICES - NB Village of Doaktown 8 Miramichi Street DOAKTOWN New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG TENDER CALL VILLAGE OF DOAKTOWN WINTER MAINTENANCE SERVICES Sealed tenders will be accepted by mail or personal delivery at the Doaktown Village Office, c/o Village Clerk, 8 Miramichi Street, Doaktown, NB POSTALCODE_TAG, until Wednesday, October 26, 2011, at 3:00 p.m. for the purpose of Winter Maintenance Services. Tender Packages may be obtained at the Village Office. Appendix "A" and "B" are  included and must be submitted with your Tender. Tenders will be opened publicly at the Doaktown Village Office immediately following  the Closing Time. Envelopes containing tenders must be clearly marked "Tender No. VOD 2011-01, Tender for Winter Maintenance Services" for the Village  f Doaktown, and include the name of the Tendering Firm. The lowest, highest, or any Tender will not necessarily be accepted. Marilyn E. Price Village Clerk Tel: 506-365-7970 (ext. 1) Fax: 506-365-7111 E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. SNOW REMOVAL AND SALT SERVICE (INCLUDING SPREADING AGGREGATE OR OTHER SNOW MELTING MATERIAL) Marilyn Price Village of Doaktown 8 Miramichi Street DOAKTOWN New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
37208.txt	Steel Cages Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Steel Cages W6399-12DE50/A Dominic Forcier Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Facsimile: PHONENUMBER_TAG Email: EMAIL_TAG AMENDMENT 001 This amendment is raised to provide questions with answers to potential bidders as follows: 1. Can this RFP be bid in U.S. dollars? If so will the supplier be paid in U.S. dollars? Answer: Yes 2. What is the customer using to lift the cages? Hoist? What kind of hooks is being used? What kind of slings is being used? Answer: Forklift use only 3. Will the customer only ask for a sample from the ONE compliant bidder or will they ask for samples from several compliant bidders if that is the situation? Answer: No, no sample required 4. who is responsible for unloading of storage containers from truck? Answer: The Units will be in charge. 5. If Contractor is responsible, is there a loading bay, and is there a pallet jack or electric pallet jack to unload trailer, and will there be a forklift on site to stack containers? If there is only a forklift on site, does the forklift have enough clearance to enter a standard trailer? Answer: The Units have all the resource for the task. 6. Is there a need for the storage containers to be collapsable for easy storage? Answer: Non need requiered. 7. Can the cages be collapsible or rigid only? Answer: Rigid only. 8. Do the cages have a lid or top cover? Answer: No covert or Lid required. All other terms and conditions remain the same.   The Department of National Defence has a requirement to purchase Steel Cages ammunition storage Containers in accordance with Annex A - Purchase Description For the Steel Cages ammunition storage Containers dated December 05, 2011. The delivery must be made within forty (40) days from the effective date of the Contract to the Canadian Forces Base (CFB) in Petawawa, Ontario. Item 001, Goods and Services Identification Number (GSIN): N8140, Steel Cages - Ammunition storage, See Annex A - Purchase Description for the Steel Cage ammunition Storage Containers, Quantity: 100, Unit of Issue: Each. Debriefings After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of notification that their bid was unsuccessful. The debriefing may be provided in writing, by telephone or in person. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Forcier, Dominic 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37353.txt	Opportunity Description: Service Alberta has a requirement for American Power Conversion rack power filters.
39210.txt	City of Edmonton - The Way We Finance White Paper The City of Edmonton invites the submission of proposals for creation of a White Paper. URL_TAG 
29307.txt	Scanning Near-Field Optical Microscope The University requires the supply, delivery and installation of one (1) scanning near-field optical microscope (SNOM/NSOM) capable of near-field optical illumination and collection experiments. The samples that we plan to measure at first instance consist of either a single-slot or a triple/multiple-slot pattern written on a thin metal film on glass substrate. We intend to characterize the transmission through the slot(s) in the near-field, in particular the beamwidth, for a specific polarization. The scanning will take place in the lateral as well as in the axial directions. 
35482.txt	Cleaning of Oil Interceptors and Removal of Waste Material Cleaning of Oil Interceptors and Removal of Waste Material. The purpose of this quotation is to obtain bids for the Cleaning of Oil Interceptors and Removal of Waste Material in accordance with the attached Specification #055-66-00. 1.  Register with the City of London as a bidder/plan taker at: URL_TAG The City of London stipulates that potential bidders are required to register with the city as a bidder/plan taker. If you do not register, you will not be notified of any addendums or updates to the opportunity. Please refer to the City of London purchasing web site for more information. 2. All amendments to the associated notice, including amended documents, plans and specifications (where applicable), are issued by the originator of the notice. MERX asks you to contact the buying agency directly for these amendments at: URL_TAG 
27872.txt	Opportunity Description: Supply and Installation of a Morgue Room Refrigerator 
39233.txt	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES Trade Agreement: LCSA/AIT Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Subsequent/Follow-on Contracts Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TRANSPORTATION SERVICES E60LM-100001/C Jiang, Kevin Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Nature of Requirement: This Request for Supply Arrangement ("RFSA") is an "ANNUAL REFRESH" to give present qualified suppliers of the Supply Arrangement an opportunity to resubmit their ceiling rates for the upcoming fiscal year (2012-2013). It also provides an pportunity for present qualified suppliers to become qualified in vehicle and labour categories for services for which they are not already qualified. The present qualified suppliers or any ther interested supplier can add cities where they can provide the services. Where the present qualified suppliers of the Supply Arrangement wish to keep the same ceiling per diem rates, or if they wish to modify their ceiling per diem rates, they MUST confirm, in writing, by bid closing, that they wish to remain a qualified supplier of the Supply Arrangement and that their current rates will apply in the upcoming year or, their modified ceiling per diem rates will apply. All to be submitted with their written confirmation. If written confirmation is not received, by bid closing, the qualified supplier of the Supply Arrangement will be immediately removed from the Supply Arrangement List. This Request for Supply Arrangement (RFSA) is also an pportunity for any interested suppliers to submit an arrangement in order to become a qualified supplier and to be authorized to provide services on an "as and when requested " basis for any work related to scheduled, dedicated transportation and related services which will consist of scheduled, dedicated mail/freight distribution runs and related services, intra and/or inter buildings, located in the National Capital Region and/or major city centres in Canada. The origin and destination of the deliveries will normally be between Federal Government offices, but may not be limited to nly those offices. Deliveries will be within city limits and/or contiguous areas of the city; some exceptions may apply. It is the intent of Canada to issue multiple Supply Arrangements. These services will be for the provision of scheduled, dedicated transportation and related services on behalf of any government department, agency or Crown Corporation listed in Schedules I, I.1, II, III, of the Financial Administration Act, R.S., 1985, c. F-11. The period of the Supply Arrangement will be from the April 1st, 2012 to March 31, 2013, with the right to request an extension for two (2) periods of one (1) year each. There is no security requirement at the RFSA stage for the Supply Arrangements; however, at the Bid Solicitation stage the Identified User may request a Security Requirement ranging from Reliability to Top Secret. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Jiang, Kevin 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39234.txt	Replacement of six bridges on the access road to the Cape Race Lightstation, Portugal Cove South  The work covered under this project consists of the furnishing of all plant, labour,  equipment, hardware and materials for replacement of bridges at Portugal Cove South, Newfoundland, complete in strict accordance with specifications and accompanying drawings and subject to all terms and conditions of Contract. The work will consist of, but will not necessarily be limited to, the following major work  items at Portugal Cove South, Newfoundland: Demolition and removal of existing handrails and curbs as indicated and in accordance with section ‘G' CEAA screening report.  Demolition and removal of portions of existing wing walls. Supply and installation of new treated timber cribwork abutments, as indicated.  Installation only of new timber decking and raceways as indicated.  Supply and installation of three (3) new single lane panel type bridges as indicated. Installation only of an additional three (3) single lane (owner supplied) panel type bridges as indicated. Restoration of sites, surrounding properties and roads to reflect the conditions that existed prior to construction.  TO OBTAIN TENDER DOCUMENTS PLEASE SEND REQUEST VIA FAX TO 709-772-6121, CONTAINING THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: Project Number Project Title Company Name and Contact Mailing Address Physical Location Telephone Number and Fax Number DELIVERY OPTION 1. Courier Collect Supply courier Name and your Account Number 2. Mail 3. Pickup Documents are not available through e-mail or Fax 
37187.txt	Quadrupole Mass Spectrometer - Ralston, AB Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exclusive Rights Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: Agilent Technologies Canada Inc. 6705 Millcreek Unit 5 Mississauga Ontario Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Nature of Requirements: Quadrupole Mass Spectrometer - Ralston, AB W7702-125396/A Patton, Judy Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Department of National, Defence research and development Canada, CFB Suffield, Ralston, AB has a requirement for the supply and delivery of one Low-Thermal-Mass (LTM) Gas Chromatograph Triple Quadropole Mass Spectrometer. Sole Source Justification (d) Only one supplier is capable of performing the work. DRDC Suffield is engaged in research and development designed to enhance Canada's ability to reliably detect and identify the presence of chemical warfare (CW) agents and their unique degradation products in samples provided to this laboratory and various deployed off-site mobile laboratories for detailed analysis. Analyses of this type are regularly performed at DRDC Suffield with at least five Agilent (6890 and 7890A) gas chromatographs (GC) and four Agilent (5973N and 5975C) mass spectrometric Microsoft detection units as well as one fourier transform infrared (FTIR) detector in the Chemical Detection and Mitigation Group. Agilent Technologies is the only licensed vendor for low-thermal-mass (LTM) column heating technology that has been fully integrated into a gas chromatograph triple quadrupole mass spectrometer (GC/MS/MS). Four GCs are currently using low thermal mass (LTM) column heating technology to increase instrument productivity and incorporation of this technology is a requirement of the newly purchased system in order to use existing DRDC methods to collect comparable retention time data with the in-house LTM-GC systems. All GC/MS systems are running Agilent MSD ChemStation software and the GC/FTIR system is running Agilent Chemstation software. DRDC Suffield currently produces and validates GC/MS methods for field analyses of CW agents and related compounds for DRDC's Mobile Chemical Capability in support of the Canadian National CBRN Response Team and major security events in Canada, in which there are two Agilent 7890/5975C LTM-GC/MS systems running fast GC/MS methods, for CW agent analyses in the field. The new system has to operate using existing LTM-GC methods and generate gas chromatographic retention data and mass spectrometric data that are fully compatible with all of our existing analytical methods and data used and produced on the four in-house Agilent LTM-GC-MSs and the one Agilent LTM-GC/FTIR. This new instrument would be used to continue developing and validating LTM-GC/MS and LTM-GC/MS/MS methods for DRDC in-house analyses and directly transition methods to deployed mobile laboratories operating Agilent GC-MS instruments. GCR Exemption (d) Only one supplier, person or firm is capable of performing the contract. AIT Article 506 12 (b) to ensure compatibility with existing products, to recognize exclusive rights, such as exclusive licences, copyright and patent rights, or to maintain specialized products that must be maintained by the manufacturer or its representative. NAFTA Article 1016 2 (b) where, for works of art, or for reasons connected with the protection of patents, copyrights or other exclusive rights, r proprietary information or where there is an absence of competition for technical reasons, the goods or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no reasonable alternative or substitute exists; WTO-AGP Article XV 1 (b) when, for works of art or for reasons connected with protection of exclusive rights, such as patents or copyrights, r in the absence of competition for technical reasons, the products or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no reasonable alternative or substitute exists; Only known supplier Agilent Technologies Inc 6705 Millcreek Dr Unit 5 Mississauga, ON POSTALCODE_TAG Estimated Value - $288,750.00 Cdn Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Patton, Judy #910, 410 - 22nd Street East Saskatoon Sask. POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
31181.txt	Cancer Pathology Synoptic Reporting HSSBC seeks information from software manufacturers or software as a solution ("SaaS") providers of Cancer Pathology Synoptic Reporting solutions that can meet the future vision of the Health Authorities within British Columbia as described in the Request for Information document attached to the opportunity notice on BC Bid URL_TAG 
27687.txt	Intent to Release a Request for Proposals for Interested Insurance Firms Solicitation D/NE #001-2011 - 230209 has been cancelled. 
35519.txt	PRE-QUALIFICATION CALLFOR PRIME CONSULTANT SERVICES - South Residence Interior Improvements #503787 PRE-QUALIFICATION CALL for Prime Consultant Services For the South Residence Interior Improvements & Perimeter Security Project 503787 The Request for Qualifications (RFQ) is to solicit qualifications from a select a number of experienced prime consultants who, based on our evaluation of their qualifications, will be asked to respond to a formal Request for Proposal (RFP) for the proposed project. In general terms, it is anticipated that a prime consultant would provide the usual project design and contract administration services but generally, would also include but not limited to concept development with Clients, preparation of a design acceptable to the University, control of scope (design), control of schedule, control of budget including value engineering (if required), risk analysis, coordination of client needs and ongoing communications with all stakeholders according to University of Guelph standards and expectations. The winning Proponent will be expected to enter into a client architect agreement including all supplementary conditions with the University of Guelph. All conditions of this agreement and University of Guelph's supplementary conditions thereto will apply to any and all sub-contracts as well. The renovation will include 38 bathrooms, including new showers, wall and floor tile, new plumbing fixtures, and electrical fixtures. Work will also include new carpet throughout the renovated wings, new millwork, complete lighting upgrades, and painting. The security portion of the work will include the installation of proximity card readers, door alarms, door contacts, and cameras at most main entrances into the entire building including all necessary electrical and conduit to complete. The expected cost of construction is $3,200,000. Completion of the project is expected for August 2012. Submissions must be received before Noon, local time on: Friday, December 16, 2011. Interested consultants are invited to either download an instruction package from URL_TAG The University reserves the right to pre-qualify only those firms which it deems suitable for proposed project based on the information provided and the criteria included in the information package. Being on the pre-qualified list does not guarantee any consultant the right to any contract for the supply of materials or services. Questions regarding this pre-qualification shall be directed by e-mail or facsimile to Shane Danis, Project Manager, at EMAIL_TAG or fax: 519-837-0581. 
39269.txt	Coveralls ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Procurement Services Branch DATE ISSUED: 30/12/2011 ISSUED BY: Chuck Bright TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG NOTE: For INFORMATION or item clarification, if required, CONTACT: C.Bright - phone PHONENUMBER_TAG. F.O.B Destination, Freight Prepaid Please contact the individual noted above if additional information r clarification is required on the following items. Bidder must indicate if you are able to meet the requested delivery date of APRIL 11, 2012 yes   OR no   If YES Indicate the order must be awarded by   2012 If NO, then indicate a realistic delivery as follows: Delivery in   working days or   weeks from receipt of the order Associated Components The Request for Quotation (RFQ) document must be purchased from MERX to be considered. To obtain the official RFQ document please follow the link at the top of this page. "Associated Components: Order" General Terms & Conditions Bidders must "login" to MERX to access the General Terms & Conditions which apply to this RFQ in addition to those shown below After login follow these links: Government Resources-Manitoba Terms & Conditions-Request for Quotations If you have faxed your quote to PSB and wish to confirm that all pages have been received please call our general inquiry line PHONENUMBER_TAG Vendors e-mail address: (if available)   Quantity clarification: quantity listed contains 2 or 3 decimals SPECIAL NOTE: To avoid bid disqualification please comply with the instructions in the following sections: - PURCHASE OF CLOTHING FROM RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS - RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION COVERALLS: RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS CERTIFICATION REQUIRED FOR THE COVERALLS OFFERED - LOCATION OF MANUFACTURE: (refer to explanation at the end of this document) Factory Name:   Factory address:   (city):   (country):   (the country noted in the factory address must match the country noted n the label of the product offered) Additional information, if applicable: If the item offered is manufactured using more than one factory to complete all of the processes or is manufactured using sub-contractors for some or all of the processes then each facility is to be identified. The information can be itemized on the Bidder's company letterhead and attached to the bid. The attachment is to identify the Solicitation number, the item and the name and address (including street address, city and country) of the factory and production facilities used in the manufacturer and assembly of the item offered. Additional information attached to your quote: Yes   (or) No   OVERALLS: RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS CERTIFICATION REQUIRED FOR THE OVERALLS OFFERED - LOCATION OF MANUFACTURE: (refer to explanation at the end of this document) Factory Name:   Factory address:   (city):   (country):   (the country noted in the factory address must match the country noted n the label of the product offered) Additional information, if applicable: If the item offered is manufactured using more than one factory to complete all of the processes or is manufactured using sub-contractors for some or all of the processes then each facility is to be identified. The information can be itemized on the Bidder's company letterhead and attached to the bid. The attachment is to identify the Solicitation number, the item and the name and address (including street address, city and country ) of the factory and production facilities used in the manufacturer and assembly of the item offered. Additional information attached to your quote: Yes   (or) No    ITEM QTY DESCRIPTION DELIVERY NO. DATE ======================================================== ITEM 10 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24101 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 44 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 20 11/04/2012 6.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24102 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 46 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 30 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24110 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 46 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 40 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24095 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 48 SHORT RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 50 11/04/2012 15.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24103 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 48 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 60 11/04/2012 12.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24111 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 48 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 70 11/04/2012 7.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24104 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 50 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 80 11/04/2012 10.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24112 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 50 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 90 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24105 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 52 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 100 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24113 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 52 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 110 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24106 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 54 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 120 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24114 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 54 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 130 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24099 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 56 SHORT RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 140 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24107 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 56 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 150 11/04/2012 6.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24115 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 56 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 160 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 40691 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 56 XXXL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 170 11/04/2012 5.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 47245 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 58 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 180 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 45541 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 60 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 190 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 58273 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 38 REGULAR ======================================================== ITEM 200 11/04/2012 10.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 54468 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 40 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 210 11/04/2012 5.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53204 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 44 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 220 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 55484 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 44 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 230 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53205 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 46 SHORT RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 240 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53206 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 46 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 250 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 54464 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 46 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 260 11/04/2012 5.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53208 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 48 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 270 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53209 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 48 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 280 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53210 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 50 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 290 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53213 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 52 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 300 11/04/2012 3.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53221 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 54 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 310 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 55483 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 54 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 320 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 58263 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 56 SHORT RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 330 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 58256 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 56 XXL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 340 11/04/2012 3.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24100 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 42 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 350 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24108 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 42 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 360 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24093 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 44 SHORT RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 370 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24102 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 46 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 380 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24103 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 48 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 390 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24111 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 48 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 400 11/04/2012 3.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24104 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 50 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 410 11/04/2012 6.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24112 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 50 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 420 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24097 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 52 SHORT RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 430 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24105 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 52 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 440 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 43312 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 54 XXL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 450 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 48234 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 60 X-TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 460 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 54467 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 42 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 470 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 55484 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 44 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 480 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53206 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 46 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 490 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 54464 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 46 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 500 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53208 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 48 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 510 11/04/2012 6.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53209 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 48 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 520 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53210 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 50 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 530 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53211 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 50 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 540 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53213 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 52 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 550 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 55483 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 54 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 560 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53222 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 54 XXL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 570 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53223 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 56 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 580 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 58256 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 56 XXL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 590 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53225 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 60 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 600 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24094 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 46 SHORT RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 610 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24102 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 46 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 620 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24110 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 46 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 630 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24095 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 48 SHORT RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 640 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24103 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 48 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 650 11/04/2012 3.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24111 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 48 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 660 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24096 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 50 SHORT RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 670 11/04/2012 6.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24104 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 50 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 680 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24112 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 50 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 690 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24114 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 54 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 700 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24099 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 56 SHORT RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 710 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53208 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 48 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 720 11/04/2012 3.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53209 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 48 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 730 11/04/2012 3.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 55473 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 50 SHORT ======================================================== ITEM 740 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53210 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 50 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 750 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53211 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 50 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 760 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53213 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 52 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 770 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24101 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 44 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 780 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24102 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 46 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 790 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24114 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 54 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 800 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53206 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 46 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 810 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53208 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 48 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 820 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53224 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 56 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 830 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24094 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 46 SHORT RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 840 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 47245 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 58 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 850 11/04/2012 3.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24101 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 44 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 860 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24102 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 46 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 870 11/04/2012 5.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24110 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 46 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 880 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24103 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 48 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 890 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24111 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 48 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 900 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24103 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 48 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 910 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24111 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 48 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 920 11/04/2012 4.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24104 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 50 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 930 11/04/2012 5.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24112 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 50 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 940 11/04/2012 5.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24105 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 52 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 950 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24106 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 54 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 960 11/04/2012 5.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 24115 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0004, SIZE 56 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 970 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 44422 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 60 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 980 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 45541 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 60 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 990 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 48234 COVERALL, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH TWO INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORTATION SEPC 785-05-0004, SIZE 60 X-TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 1000 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 54467 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 42 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 1010 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53203 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 44 SHORT RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 1020 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53204 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 44 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 1030 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 55484 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 44 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 1040 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53208 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 48 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 1050 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53211 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 50 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 1060 11/04/2012 2.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 53213 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 52 REGULAR RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== ITEM 1070 11/04/2012 1.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 55483 OVERALL, BIB, 80/20 POLY/COTTON TWILL, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, CSA-Z96-09-CLASS 2, LEVEL 2, PER MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION SPEC 785-05-0005, SIZE 54 TALL RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION REQUIRED ======================================================== SPECIAL NOTE: ADDITIONAL COVERALLS MAY BE REQUIRED OVER AND ABOVE THE STIPULATED QUANTITIES SHOWN. PLEASE ALLOW FOR AS MANY AS 15 ADDITIONAL PAIR OF UNSPECIFIED SIZES AS REQUIRED. Bidders must ensure that Manitoba Specification documents 785-05-0004 and 785-05-0005 are to be fully completed with all requested information and must accompany bid. Failure to do will result in rejection of your bid. EACH ARTICLE OF CLOTHING MUST HAVE A GARMENT LABEL THAT IDENTIFIES THE: 1. Name, trade mark or other means of identification of the manufacturer or authorized representative; 2. Designation of the product type (i.e., overall), commercial name or code; 3. Size designation; 4. CSA Z96 if applicable; 5. Apparel Class and Level for performance for the retroreflective material; 6. An indication of background material as fluorescent SPECIFICATIONS Items offered are to meet the specifications as outlined in attached Manitoba specifications 785-05-0004 and 785-05-0005. If it is your intention to offer an item which does not meet all the specifications outlined, then you must indicate all intended deviations r changes on the return quote. In the absence of any particular construction details, the product ffered is to be completed with first quality design, manufacturing, finishing techniques and materials as required to produce a first quality product for the intended use. It should be noted that clarification of missing details should be discussed with the departmental contact shown above. QUOTATION EVALUATION: Generally the lowest overall price of an acceptable item(s) in accordance with the terms & conditions of the RFQ will be awarded the rder. Tenders will be evaluated based on, sample submitted ( if requested), product offered compared to product description/specifications requested delivery, price, quality of the bidder's performance in past awards and any other terms & conditions indicated on this RFQ Each product offered will be considered individually, HOWEVER, the intent is to award this RFQ to one supplier in total ( if possible and economic to Manitoba) therefore bidders should quote on all items if possible. (Economic evaluation to be at Manitobas sole discretion) PRODUCT OFFERED Any product offered must be new, first quality. The product offered must meet the requirements and expectations for its intended use If it is your intention to offer an item, which does not meet all the specs/description as outlined, then you must indicate all intended deviations or changes on the return quote. Any product offered may require testing prior to acceptance. If required, you may be requested to submit a sample or samples of any product offered, for evaluation prior to the award of the contract. The sample or samples are to be provided at no cost to Manitoba and may be tested up to and including destruction. Failure to provide an acceptable sample will be cause for rejection of your quote INSPECTION: Final inspection and acceptance or rejection of the goods will be made promptly as practicable, but failure to inspect and accept or reject goods promptly does not mean that the Manitoba Government has accepted these goods. The Government of Manitoba reserves the right to inspect the goods for up to 90 days after the date of delivery. Partial acceptance of rejection of an order does not release the Bidder from its responsibility to complete the order. QUALITY / ACCEPTABILITY Any product supplied must be new, unused, first quality. No substandard or imperfects will be accepted. All goods delivered are subject to inspection prior to delivery acceptance. Signing of any delivery slip should not be construed as acceptance of the product delivered. Manitoba reserves the right to reject any product, after final inspection that does not meet the specification or product description requested. Manitoba reserves the right to reject any product supplied which, upon inspection or use, is deemed by the using department to be unacceptable for their intended use. Products to be supplied as specified on the contract/purchase order. Any substitutes shipped without prior written approval will be rejected at time of delivery or held at shipper's risk pending return instructions Products rejected by the using department will be returned to the Vendor for full credit or replacement product at no cost to Manitoba r the contract may be cancelled. GOVERNING LAWS Manitoba requires its suppliers to adhere to provincial labour laws and, where businesses use sources outside of Canada, Manitoba expects suppliers to comply with local labour laws in the country of manufacture ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD DEFINITIONS: "Aboriginal Business" means a business that is at least 51% aboriginal wned and controlled and, if it has six or more full-time employees, at least one-third of its employees must be Aboriginal persons. "Aboriginal Business Directory" means a business directory of Aboriginal businesses that meet Manitoba's definition of an Aboriginal business. 'Aboriginal Business Standard" means terms and conditions that indicate that Aboriginal business participation is desirable but not mandatory. "Aboriginal Person" means a First Nations, Non-status Indian, Métis or Inuit person who is a Canadian citizen and resident of Canada. ABORIGINAL PROCUREMENT INITIATIVE Manitoba is committed to community economic development as a key component of its economic strategy. It intends to develop a provincial economy that is more inclusive, equitable and sustainable. Procurement practices are one means that can be used to contribute to the growth of Aboriginal businesses. In that regard, Manitoba developed the Aboriginal Procurement Initiative (API). The objective of API is to increase the participation of Aboriginal businesses in providing goods and services to Manitoba. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD Aboriginal participation is desired but bids will not be disqualified if there is no Aboriginal business participation. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS DIRECTORY Manitoba has established a directory of Aboriginal businesses called the "Aboriginal Business Directory". This directory is a list of Aboriginal businesses (including non profit organizations and economic development corporations) that have self declared as an Aboriginal Business meeting that definition under the API. It is neither comprehensive nor exhaustive but may be a useful resource to identifying Aboriginal businesses for potential partnering or sub-contracting purposes. Aboriginal businesses not listed in the Directory may also be used. Registration in the Aboriginal Business Directory does not guarantee certification as an Aboriginal business, as business status may change; therefore formal certification is required in the formal tender process. Aboriginal businesses are encouraged to register by contacting Procurement Services Branch. For further information on the aboriginal Business Directory, registration forms and access to a copy of the Aboriginal Business Directory please see the following website: URL_TAG Mark Freedman Vendor Relations Coordinator Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation 2nd floor - 270 Osborne Street N. Winnipeg, Manitoba POSTALCODE_TAG Ph. 204-945-0826 Fax: 204-945-1455 Email: EMAIL_TAG TERMINATION Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, immediately terminate a purchase rder/contract in writing if: a)the vendor fails to properly fulfill, perform, satisfy and carry out each and every one of its obligations under the purchase order/contract, r b)the vendor fails or refuses to comply with a verbal or written request r direction from Manitoba within three(3) days of receiving the request r direction; or c)the vendor become bankrupt or insolvent or liquidates; or d)a receiver, trustee or custodian is appointed for the assets of the vendor, or any partner thereof; or e)the vendor or any partner thereof makes a compromise, arrangement, or assignment with or for the benefit of the creditors of the vendor or of that partner, as the case may be; or f)the vendor fails to secure or renew any license or permit for the vendors business required by law; or any such license or permit is revoked or suspended; or g)the vendor or any partner, officer or director of the vendor is found guilty of an indictable offence; or h)the vendor fails to comply with any law or regulation relating to the employment of its employees; or i)the vendor at any time engages in any activities or trade practices which, in the opinion of Manitoba, are prejudicial to the interests of Manitoba, or a department or agency thereof; or j)there is a breach of any provision of the purchase order/contract. k)the goods provided by the vendor are not according to the contract or therwise unsatisfactory; or l)the services provided by the vendor are unsatisfactory, inadequate, or are improperly performed; or m)the vendor has failed to meet the delivery date indicated on the purchase order/contract or repeatedly failed to meet the delivery lead time, indicated on the purchase order/contract. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, terminate the purchase rder/contract at any time by giving at least 30 days written notice to the vendor prior to the intended termination date. This termination may be used for those instances where there are program changes, funding changes, etc. All purchases by Manitoba under the purchase rder/contract are subject to and expressly conditional upon the Legislature of Manitoba duly appropriating funds to the fiscal year in which they are required to be paid. For the multi-year contracts the RFQ/contract term #fiscal year# means the period commencing April 1st of ne year and ending on March 31st of the next ensuing year. TO BE DELIVERED F.O.B. DESTINATION, FREIGHT PREPAID MANITOBA TRANSPORTATION & GOVERNMENT SERVICES locations at Winnipeg, Brandon, Dauphin, The Pas, Thompson and Beausejour as shown above. (unit prices - include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance, handling etc.) PUBLICITY, MEDIA AND OFFICIAL ENQUIRIES: Neither the bidder nor its suppliers/vendors, employees or consultants shall make any public statement relating to the existence or performance f the purchase order/contract without the prior written consent of the Province of Manitoba, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The provision of this condition shall apply during the extension of a purchase order/contract and indefinitely after its expiry or termination. VENDOR INFORMATION: RIGHT TO REISSUE RFQ Manitoba reserves the right to cancel and/or reissue the RFQ where, in Manitoba's sole opinion, none of the quotes submitted in response to the RFQ warrant acceptance or where it would be in the best interests of Manitoba to do so. Costs incurred in the preparation, presentation and submission of a quote shall be borne entirely by the Bidder. Manitoba shall not reimburse any bidders for any costs if the RFQ is cancelled or reissued. AUTHORIZED VENDOR: Manitoba reserves the right, prior to any contract award, to secure evidence to Manitoba's satisfaction that any bidder is the manufacturer r an authorized distributor, dealer or retailer of the goods offered and is authorized to sell these goods in Manitoba, Canada and upon request will provide Manitoba with written evidence thereof. CANADIAN FUNDS Manitoba prefers to receive quotations in Canadian funds. If the pricing offered is quoted in a currency other than Canadian then the currency must be clearly identified on the quote document. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE ADDRESS Due to our computerized accounts payable system please advise if your invoice address (accounts receivable) is the same as the address for orders / quotes shown above YES   or NO   If NO provide complete details i.e. box #, street address, city, province, postal code, etc.  MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX LICENSE Are you licensed by Manitoba Finance to collect and remit Manitoba's Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO  If NO disregard the following paragraph. MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX Is the product(s) offered subject to Manitoba's Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO   If the quote consists of both taxable (T) and non-taxable ( NT) items please indicate T or NT opposite each item offered. PURCHASE OF CLOTHING FROM RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS Manitoba would like to promote the awareness and understanding of humane working conditions and employment standards by its vendors. As such Manitoba will purchase clothing which is manufactured in a responsible manner according to Manitoba's Purchase of Clothing from Responsible Manufacturers policy A responsible manner is defined as - In accordance with all laws applicable in the jurisdiction of their production - In accordance with minimum labour rights set out in this policy The Policy is available on the PSB website URL_TAG If clarification required contact: Chuck Bright - phone PHONENUMBER_TAG For items marked Responsible Manufacturer's Certification Required the Bidder must certify that to the best of its knowledge, the manufacturer and sub-contractors for the item offered are in compliance with all applicable local labour laws in the location in which the item is manufactured and assembled, and with Manitoba's minimum labour rights identified in Manitoba's Purchase of Clothing from Responsible Manufacturers policy. The Bidder is required to provide the Location of Manufacture information requested, as explained under the Responsible Manufacturers Certification section below. Failure to provide the information shall result in bid disqualification f that item and that item shall receive no further consideration. Manitoba reserves the right to ask for proof of compliance and may inspect working conditions at any time (or request independent verification of compliance). Vendors must maintain sufficient records to substantiate compliance. RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER'S CERTIFICATION - all bidders intending to bid on the items marked Responsible Manufacturer's Certification Required must provide the Location of Manufacture information requested. - failure to provide the location of manufacture information requested shall result in bid disqualification of that item and that item shall receive no further consideration. - the information provided by the successful bidder will be made public. - the Bidder who signs the bid document is also agreeing to the Certification section detailed below. Location of Manufacture: If the item offered is manufactured using more than one factory to complete the item offered or by using sub-contractors for some or all of the processes then each facility is to be identified. Bidders are to provide the name and address of each of the factories and production facilities used in the manufacturer and assembly of each item ffered as follows: Manufacturer's/Factory name and Factory address (including street address, city and country) This information can be entered as follows: - if the item offered is manufactured using only one factory for the complete process, then the factory information can be entered under the phrase Responsible Manufacturer's Certification Required for the item offered OR - if the item offered is manufactured using more than one factory to complete all of the processes or is manufactured using sub-contractors for some or all of the processes then each facility is to be identified. The information can be itemized on the Bidder's letterhead and attached to the bid. The attachment is to identify the Solicitation number, the item and the name and address (including street address, city and country) of the factory and production facilities used in the manufacturer and assembly f the item offered. Certification: I hereby certify that, for the items noted with the phrase Responsible Manufacturer's Certification Required the Bidder and any listed Manufacturer /Subcontractor/Assembler meet, and will continue to meet throughout the duration of any contract resulting from this tender, the requirements to be certified as a Responsible Manufacturer, as defined in Manitoba's Purchase of Clothing from Responsible Manufacturers policy, which I have read and understand. I agree that the Bidder will immediately furnish to Manitoba, n request, evidence to corroborate this Certification. I understand that civil consequences of making an untrue statement in this Certification or failing to produce satisfactory evidence to Manitoba regarding this Certification may include: disqualification of the Bidder from participating in future contracts; and/or termination of any contract resulting from this tender. The signature of the Authorized representative of the Bidder who signs the bid document is also agreeing to the above certification. YOUR QUOTATION REFERENCE # ( if applicable)   Proposed Delivery Address: MANITOBA INFRASTRUCTURE & TRANSPORTATION VEHICLE AND EQUIPMENT MANAGEMENT AGENCY (VEMA) GARAGES AS FOLLOWS:  LINE ITEMS 10 to 330 are to be delivered to 1550 DUBLIN AVE WINNIPEG MB POSTALCODE_TAG ATTN: KIM ALLEN PHONENUMBER_TAG  LINES 340 TO 590 are to be delivered to 1525 1ST ST N BRANDON MB POSTALCODE_TAG ATTN: Grant Kukurudz PHONENUMBER_TAG  LINES 600 TO 760 are to be delivered to 257 INDUSTRIAL RD DAUPHIN MB POSTALCODE_TAG ATTN: KENDALL SIGURDSON PHONENUMBER_TAG  LINES 770 TO 820 are to be delivered to 375-3RD ST E THE PAS MB POSTALCODE_TAG ATTN: KEN HUCULAK PHONENUMBER_TAG  LINES 830 TO 840 are to be delivered to 7 GAY ST THOMPSON MB POSTALCODE_TAG ATTN: LONNEY INKSTERPHONENUMBER_TAG  LINES 850 TO 1070 are to be delivered to JCT Hwy 44 7 PR #302S BEAUSEJOUR MB POSTALCODE_TAG ATTN: JILL LOUTITPHONENUMBER_TAG TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO: Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation 2nd Flr - 270 Osborne St. N. Winnipeg, MB, Canada POSTALCODE_TAG r) Fax quote to PHONENUMBER_TAG 
35487.txt	Non-exclusive supply of all labour, materials, equipment necessary for Emergency Spills Response Description: Non-exclusive supply of all labour, materials, equipment necessary for Emergency Spills Response Quotations are invited for the non-exclusive supply of all labour, materials, equipment necessary for Emergency Spills Response, Clean up of spills of pollutants including off site disposal of all contaminated materials(s) for the Toronto Water Division from the date of award to December 31, 2012 with the option to renew for two (2) additional separate one (1) year periods Issue date: November 28, 2011 Closing date: December 14, 2011 at 12:00 Noon Notes: Viewing Copy 6033-11-7296 Viewing Copy.pdf (692 Kbytes) - Posted on 11/28/2011 04:09:20 PM The addenda and/or other files listed above are included with the Call Document purchase price but must be downloaded as separate documents. To view the document, click on its filename. To save it to your workstation, right-click on the document's filename, then select "Save Target As..." (or "Save Link As...").Get Acrobat Pre-bid meeting: Interested Bidders are required to attend a Mandatory Information Session at the Finch Yard, located at 1026 Finch Ave. W., Toronto on December 7, 2011 at 10:00 a.m. Bidders are to meet the City Representative in the main lobby. Bidders must sign in with the City representative at the site during the designated date and time for their bid to be considered. Bidders submitting bids that do not attend the information session will not be considered. Buyer: Phillips, Allison Phone number: 416-397-4825 Email: EMAIL_TAG Location: City Hall, 19th Floor West Tower Client Division: Toronto Water   Non-refundable document fee:  $75.00 + 9.75 HST = $84.75  Security deposit:  Yes Scope of work: The Scope of Work includes but is not limited to the following: Quotations are invited for the non-exclusive supply of all labour, materials, equipment necessary for Emergency Spills Response, Clean up of spills of pollutants including off site disposal of all contaminated materials(s) for the Toronto Water Division from the date of award to December 31, 2012 with the option to renew for two (2) additional separate one (1) year periods SCOPE OF WORK The scope of this RFQ includes the supply of all labour, material, vehicle, and equipment necessary for Emergency Spills Response, Clean up of spilled material and/or waste including offsite disposal of all spilled material and/or waste and follow up monitoring for various locations to ensure all spilled material and/or waste have been contained and removed all in accordance with the specifications herein and Schedule "A" – Price Form. The Successful Bidder shall: Be on call and available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year to respond to all spill emergencies when contacted by a City Representative; Meet a minimum response time of (2) two hours and arrive on the spill site with the appropriate quality and quantity of personnel available to support the undertaking of services; Clean up all spill sites to the satisfaction of the City Representative within the City of Toronto as per the attached Appendix "A" - District Map; The Successful Bidder shall ensure that none of the spilled pollutants and/or waste enter the sewer system and that the spilled material and/or waste is contained and disposed of as per Ontario Regulation 347 (O.Reg. 347); The Successful Bidder services shall provide for, but not be limited to the following: a) Fully trained, professional, accountable, experienced, knowledgeable, certified, licensed, and insured personnel with personal protective equipment, containment and recovery equipment for spill response needs; b) Technical assistance to identify spilled substances and recommend/determine an appropriate course of action to stabilize spill events; c) Waste management, including collection, licensed transport and disposal of all MOE waste classes, material sampling and analysis. Ensure personnel on-site possess appropriate training and experience in health and safety related activities applicable to the services to be rendered: and be responsible for supplying all equipment, licensed equipment operators, and any other labour, material, services, supplies, tools, apparatus, fuel, transportation and incidentals required to completed perform the services in accordance with the terms and conditions of the RFQ. The following are typical spill scenarios most likely to be encountered when responding to a spill: a) Spills onto ground surface (e.g. motor vehicle accident operating fluids) b) Spill entering the Sanitary or Combined Sewer System; c) Spills entering storm sewers, watercourses, ponds, rivers, and/or ravines d) Sewage Spills – Collection System from a blockage, collapse or failure of a sanitary or combined sewer; e) Abandoned Containers on Public Property containing unidentifiable or hazardous material leaking or exhibiting imminent signs of failure. BONDS/QUOTATION SECURITY Every bidder shall submit with their quotation documents a 10% Bid Bond which also secures the delivery of a Performance Bond and a Labour and Material Payment Bond, each in the amount of 50% of the quoted price including any taxes, charges, contingencies or cash allowances, or the approved equivalents properly executed as outlined in the attached specifications. Note: Bond to be made payable to the City of Toronto Treasurer. Any bid received that does not satisfy the requirements of the Bid Bond will be declared informal and not considered. Original copies only of bonds are acceptable. Quotations submitted with faxed copies of bonds are not acceptable and will be declared informal. Bonds: Every quotation must be accompanied by the following security documentation: Bid Bond: A Bid Bond executed by the bidder and a guarantee surety company authorized by law to carry on business in the Province of Ontario, and is acceptable to the City of Toronto Treasurer, in the amount of 10% of the quoted price, including any taxes, charges, contingencies or cash allowances, valid for a period of not less than ninety (90) days, or a letter of credit (as discussed below) in favour of " City of Toronto Treasurer " in lieu thereof. If a quotation is accepted and the bidder fails when required to accept a purchase order for the work, or provide the necessary bonding as discussed below, the bid security will be exercised and forfeited. Letter of Credit: As a substitute for the Bid Bond, a Letter of Credit could be acceptable providing it is in a form satisfactory to the Treasurer of the City of Toronto. The following conditions must be incorporated in any letter of credit: (1) It must be issued by a Canadian chartered bank listed in schedule ‘A' or ‘B' to the Bank Act (Canada); (2) It is in a sufficient dollar amount (i.e.: equivalent to the value of the certified cheque for which it is substituting); (3) It is irrevocable; (4) It is unconditional; Original copies only of Letters of Credit are acceptable. Quotations submitted with faxed copies of Letters of Credit are not acceptable and will be declared informal Please note that in case the City, at its sole and unfettered discretion, extends the term of this Contract for a further period of one (1) year, upon notice to the Vendor prior to the then expiration date of the term of this Contract, the Performance Bond or the Letter of Credit shall be renewed for the extended contract period. Please visit URL_TAG for additional information.  MERX asks that you contact the buying agency directly to obtain associated documents.  The contact information can be found within  the notice abstract. 
39201.txt	Ring Scanner Note this is a re-issue of Notice 2011-JWS-002. Innovapost has been asked by CPC to conduct a Request for Proposal to purchase up to 1500 wireless hands-free barcode scanners for use across the corporation's operations over the next three (3) years. CPC has need of a hands free scanning tool for use in a variety of locations, supporting a range of business processes. These include delivery operations, plant operations, Postal Transformation etc. Canada Post Corporation currently uses a number of TSL QP1000 ring scanners for high volume scanning that requires significant parcel manipulation and the use of both hands. These are used in conjunction with the Motorola MC70 and Intermec CN50 PDTs. To meet the corporation's requirements of timely scan information for all traceable items to customers who purchase the service, CPC intends to use in greater numbers a hands free scanning tool for use with both mobile computers including but not limited to the Motorola MC70, Intermec CN50 and desktop and laptop workstations. 
35496.txt	SBIPS - CLIENT PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT ROADMAP NOTICE OF PROPOSED PROCUREMENT (NPP) This requirement is for The Royal Canadian Mounted Police This requirement is open only to those invited SBIPS Supply Arrangement Holders who qualified under the domain for: Information Management/Business Intelligence The following SA Holders have been invited to submit a proposal. 1. CA CANADA COMPANY 2. InCAD Software Technologies Corporation  3. TEKsystems Canada, Inc. 4. The Jonah Group Ltd. 5. Unisys Canada Inc. Description of the requirement: The Department of The Royal Canadian Mounted Police has a requirement for the development of a Client Portfolio Management Road Map. The objective of the road map is to clarify the roles, responsibilities, governance, and business processes that are required for proper management of client and program IT portfolios with the RCMP Proposed period of contract: The proposed period of contract shall be from date of contract award to March 31st, 2012  File Number: 201202763 Contracting Authority: Candice Therien  Phone Number: 613-843-3826 Fax Number:613-825-0082 E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG NOTE: Solutions-Based Informatics Professional Services (SBIPS) Method of Supply is refreshed on a quarterly basis. If you wish to find out how you can be a "Qualified SA Holder", please contact EMAIL_TAG. 
36929.txt	Ministry of Forests, Lands and Natural Resource Operations Self-registration for Equipment Suppliers All equipment suppliers who wish to have their equipment considered for hir e by the Ministry of Forests, Lands and Natural Resource Operations for road enginee ring activities within Timber Operations and Pricing or BC Timber Sales must be registered in the ministry's provincial Engineering Equipment and Services (EES) directory. For self- registration instructions, go to the Engineering Branch web site at: URL_TAG links.htm and click on BC Bid instructions under Step 2. Turnbull, Linda Ministry of Forests, Lands and Natural Resource Operations 3rd Floor, 1520 Blanshard Street PO Box 9525 Stn Prov Govt Victoria British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Contact : Turnbull, Linda Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : BC Adresse Web : URL_TAG
37232.txt	OPP-0250 Holsters for Firearms - Request for Information Request for Information: Holsters for Firearms This Request for Information ("RFI") is issued by Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario as represented by the Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services, "the Ministry", for the purposes of gathering information about the marketplace in order to assist in the determination of future purchasing options or requirements.  The Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services is inviting proponents to submit requested information on holsters, for policing duties, to be used by the Ontario Provincial Police. Respondents are asked to provide information on the types of holster(s) available for front line, plain clothes officers and emergency response unit members, for various combat pistols. Please refer to the associated document for complete details. 1. Issue Date (YYYY/MM/DD): 2011/12/13 2. Request For Information Submission Deadline: 2012/01/05  *The Solicitation timetable is tentative only and may be changed by the Ministry in its sole discretion at any time prior to the Request for Information Submission Deadline.  Demande d'information : Étuis pour armes à feu La présente demande d'information est lancée par Sa Majesté la Reine du chef de l'Ontario, représentée par le ministère de la Sécurité communautaire et des Services correctionnels (le ministère) afin de recueillir des renseignements sur le marché qui contribueront à évaluer les possibilités ou exigences futures d'achat.  Le ministère de la Sécurité communautaire et des Services correctionnels invite les soumissionnaires à envoyer l'information demandée sur les étuis pour armes à feu, qui seront utilisés par la Police provinciale de l'Ontario dans le cadre de fonctions policières. Les répondants doivent fournir des renseignements sur les types d'étui disponibles pour les agents de première ligne en civil et les membres des unités d'intervention en cas d'urgence, qui possèdent différents pistolets de combat. Veuillez consulter le document ci-joint pour obtenir de plus amples détails. 1. Date de publication (AAAA/MM/JJ): 2011/12/13  2. Date limite pour les demandes d'information: 2012/01/05  *Le calendrier pour les demandes de soumissions est provisoire et peut être modifié par le ministère à sa discrétion exclusive, n'importe quand avant la date limite pour les soumissions de demande d'information. 
35521.txt	Generating Sets maintenance and repair - St-Augustin & Tête-à-la-Baleine Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: EE517-104089/A Cameron, Sylvie Ndegrees de téléphone - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Nº fax - PHONENUMBER_TAG Generating Sets Maintenance and Repair - Wharves Tête-à-la-Baleine and Saint-Augustin Supply qualified personnel, materials, tools, equipment and all ther supplies or knowledge needed to carry out inspections, maintenance and repairs to ensure proper functioning of generating sets on Transport Canada wharves in Saint-Augustin and Tête-à-la-Baleine, Quebec, according to Appendix A, which is part of the solicitation document. The duration of contract is from contract award date, for a period of one year, with an option to extend the contract for three additional one (1) year period. Bidders must comply with all the requirements listed in the solicitation. This requirement is subject to the Internal Trade Agreement (ITA). This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. All enquiries regarding this tender are to be submitted in writing to the Contractual Authority: Sylvie Cameron, Supply Specialist, at EMAIL_TAG. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Cameron, Sylvie 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28364.txt	Opportunity Description: IMPORTANT: RFQ was amended June 25, 2012. Vendors are strongly encouraged to view amendment notice document from the APC for complete details.   The purpose of this RFQ is to establish a Resource List of highly skilled Pre-qualified Vendors to provide Services primarily to AET or AET and an Industry Participant. Vendors will be reviewed for compliance with the mandatory requirements. After Responses are reviewed, a Resource List will be established and will be used as one method by which the Ministries will enter into Contracts on an "as needed" basis for the Services.   Placement on the Resource List does not constitute a guarantee of any work to any Pre-qualified Vendor.    AET has identified an on-going requirement for qualified Vendors to provide consultative and development Services. The primary focus of the Services required will be to develop Alberta's Advanced Technology Industry in conjunction with the goals and objectives of AET.   These Services may include the following areas of expertise relative to the commercialization of new technologies:  International market education.  International market opportunity identification.  International market assessment.  International market access strategy development.  International market access planning.  International market strategy engagement and execution.  Development of reports and documentation relative to investment attraction.  Facilitation of relationships with potential investors and other organizations.  Performance measurement, reporting and evaluation.   A flexible approach to developing Alberta's Advanced Technology Industry is essential. Successful Vendors, who are awarded contracts, will work closely with Industry to develop new technologies in international markets, or with Government, in the delivery of market information relative to investment and/or new market opportunities. The successful Vendors will need to have the ability to analyze various aspects / stages of international market development within the Industry and provide timely feedback and recommendations regarding the feasibility of specific execution plans, as well as potentially supporting the Industry Participant in the execution of market entry plans should it be required.    PLEASE NOTE:  Vendors who may viewing this opportunity from somewhere other than the APC, should view/download the documents only from the APC website.   Any amendments or changes to this opportunity will only be made on through the APC, therefore vendors are encouraged to check the APC regularly.   If you are having difficulty downloading the RFQ / associated documents please contact the RFQ Administrator as identified on the opportunity notice.
35504.txt	Improvement District Administration Consultant for Improvement District No. 9 (Banff National Park) An Improvement District (ID) is formed by the Lieutenant Governor in Council as recommended by the Minister of Municipal Affairs and the responsibilities of the Improvement District Council (ID Council) are set out in Municipal Government Act RSA 2000c. M -38 (MGA) - Part 15 and as delegated to the ID's council by Ministerial Order No. L:144/01 (attached). An important function of an ID is the taxation and assessment process. The collection of taxes is of primary importance to the province as it is through the property taxation that funds are collected for the cost of administering the ID. Improvement District No. 9 is located within the Banff National Park and this requires regular contact with Parks Canada concerning the delivery of municipal services and the application and coordination of grant funding for the ID. Often there is overlap in service responsibility and it is imperative that a smooth working relationship be maintained. The ID requires the services of an "Improvement District Administrator" as set out in Appendix B to this RFP. The successful Proponent will be working out of its own office and will be responsible for the overall management of the ID. The Improvement District Administrator/Contractor will report directly to the Director of the Province's Capacity Building Unit, Municipal Services Branch. The monthly reports may be in an email format, as well copies of the draft and approved minutes must be sent to the Province. URL_TAG 
35447.txt	Opportunity Description: REDI completed a communications plan in 2004, and would like an updated version to accurately reflect our current activities.  An evaluation of current practices, tactics, and tools was completed in 2010, and we would like to use the information in this document to improve our communication strategy.  The objective of the project is the creation of a communications strategy with specific attention to our business engagement within and outside of our region, with measureable outcomes.  We require the following items:  a) Brand Identity Standards & Stationary Package (including folder, business cards and letter head)  b) Print publications including templates for a monthly newsletter, a quarterly newsletter, and news releases  c) A digital and print backgrounder for REDI which effectively communicates the priorities of our organization and is easily updated  d) A template for a digital newsletter  e) A presentation template (PowerPoint)  f) A communications strategy worksheet for future projects that incorporates REDI's key messages, and is easily completed. 
39215.txt	OSRFS Wellness Expansion Equipment You are invited to submit a detailed proposal to provide Exercise Equipment for a Strathcona County wellness facility, which is currently undergoing an expansion renovation. URL_TAG 
35500.txt	PSYCHOLOGICAL COUNSELLING – METROPOLITAN MONTREAL DISTRICT – ESTRIE AREA OFFICE  Nature of requirements The Correctional Service of Canada, hereinafter called "CSC", is looking for a clinical and forensic psychologist to provide psychological services to offenders on parole under the responsibility of the Metropolitan Montreal District (Estrie Area Office). The estimated services total between 20 and 50 clinic hours per month, according to CSC's needs.  The services must be offered in both official languages. Mandatory requirements: The psychologist must: Be a member of the Ordre des psychologues du Québec (OPQ); (provide proof before the contract is awarded) Have at least a master's degree in the field of clinical or forensic psychology; (provide proof before the contract is awarded)  Have at least one (1) year of experience as a psychologist working with clients subject to judicial control; (provide proof in the resume when the bid is submitted)  Have at least one (1) year of experience in correctional or forensic psychology; (provide proof in the resume when the bid is submitted) Have at least one (1) million dollars in "errors and omissions" professional liability insurance; (provide a copy of the policy before the contract is awarded) Obtain enhanced reliability status, following verification of criminal offences for which a pardon has not been granted; (before the contract is awarded) Provide an e-mail address; following a service agreement, this address will be encrypted to allow the transmission of secure information between the psychologist's office and CSC employees. (provide the address when the bid is submitted)  Period of contract : The contract shall be in effect for 12 months from the awarding of the contract (January 2012), with 3 options of 12 months each. Location: The Contractor must deliver the services at its professional office in the Estrie region and specifically in Sherbrooke. The office must be accessible by public transit.  Price determination: The bidder must indicate a fixed hourly rate. Closing date :  The closing date of proposal is December 15, 2011 at 02:00 P.M. Bidders presentation : With the aim of ensuring uniformity, transparency and equity in the evaluation of our bids, bidders must obtain the Bid Solicitation document from the MERX public tendering service at URL_TAGnsive Information: Sylvie Roussel Correctional Service of Canada Tel.: 450-661-9550 Ext. 3636 Fax: 450-664-6626 N.B. Tenders submitted by fax or any other electronic means WILL BE ACCEPTED. The Correctional Service Canada will not reimburse costs incurred by tenderers in the preparation of their tenders.  Notice to supplier: You can register in the Supplier Registration Information (SRI) system as a potential supplier to the Government of Canada. The SRI database is accessible to all federal government buyers who may use it to identify potential suppliers for purchases not subject to any of the trade agreements (for which they use MERX™). An important feature of SRI is the Procurement Business Number (PBN) created using your Canada Customs and Revenue Agency Business Number to uniquely identify a branch, division, or office of your company. PWGSC and other departments of the federal government will gradually be adopting the PBN as part of their purchasing activities including the payment process.  You have a question? Or you need help? Contact a Supplier Registration Agent or the InfoLine at 1-800-811-1148 or 819-956-3440 (in the National Capital area) 
39179.txt	GENERIC SOLAR ARRAY SUBSTRATE Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exclusive Rights Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: Composites Atlantic limited P.O. box 1150 71 Hall St. Lunenburg Nova Scotia Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Nature of Requirements: Advance Contract Award Notice PWGSC File Number: 9F062-110115/A Contracting Officer: Alan Chan Telephone Number: PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax Number: PHONENUMBER_TAG Email Address: EMAIL_TAG The Canadian Space Agency (CSA) has a requirement for the provision of services as specified under "Background" below. The purpose of this Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) is to signal the government's intention to award a contract for these services to Composites Atlantic Limited, Lunenburg, NB. Before awarding a contract, however, the government would like to provide other suppliers with the opportunity to demonstrate that they are capable of satisfying the requirements set out in this Notice, by submitting a statement of capabilities during the 15 calendar day posting period. If other potential suppliers submit a statement of capabilities during the 15 calendar day posting period that meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, the government will proceed to a full tendering process on either the government's electronic tendering service or through traditional means, in order to award the contract. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a statement of capabilities meeting the requirements set out in the ACAN, a contract will be awarded to the pre-selected supplier. Background Canada has long been searching for a Canadian entity that can design, manufacture and fully qualify solar array substrates and solar panels that can be used in space. However, no such entity is currently known. Composites Atlantic Ltd. (CAL) has been involved with the manufacturing of space products for over 15 years. Its capability and strength of manufacturing composite products has been demonstrated by various Contracts and Sub-Contracts with Canada. Proposed Work The scope of work associated with this contract entails the design, analysis, fabrication processes definition, manufacturing and qualification of a Small Satellite (SmallSat) Bus Solar Array Substrate capable of operating in a Low Earth Orbit (LEO) or Highly Elliptical Orbit (HEO) (i.e., Molniya) environment. The work is divided in three (3) distinct phases, where two (2) f them will be options to the initial work and for each of which the CSA will reserve the rights to exercise based on the availability of funding and the success of the previous phase(s). The phases are as follows: - Phase 1 consists of the design and the analysis of the full-size (1.5 m x 2.0 m) solar panel substrate; - Phase 2 (Option A) consists of the manufacturing of a mid-size (i.e., 1 m x 0.6 m) solar panel substrate; and - Phase 3 (Option B) consists of the manufacturing of the Full Scale Solar Panel Substrate (i.e., 1.5 m x 2.0 m) as per designed and analyzed during Phase 1. Minimum Essential Requirements Any interested supplier must demonstrate by way of a statement f capabilities that it meets the following requirements: a) Bidder must, either as prime contractor or sub-contractor, have participated in a minimum of two space programs as manufacturer of composites-based solar substrates. b) Bidder must be capable of actually designing, analyzing, and manufacturing composites-based hardware for space applications. Justification for the Pre-Selected Supplier Composites Atlantic Limited (CAL) is the only Canadian company known to have the capability of manufacturing qualified Small Satellite (SmallSat) Bus Solar Array Substrates capable of perating in a Low Earth Orbit (LEO) or Highly Elliptical Orbit (HEO) (i.e., Molniya) environment. Inquiries and Submission of Statements of Capabilities Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to meet the specified requirements may submit a statement of capabilities, in writing, to the Contracting Authority identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The closing date for accepting statements of capabilities is January 9th, 2012, 2:00 p.m. EST. Inquiries and statements of capabilities are to be directed to: Alan Chan Science and Professional Services Procurement Directorate Acquisitions Branch 11C1, Phase III - Place du Portage 11 Laurier Street Gatineau, Quebec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Facsimile: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Chan, Alan 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 11C1, Place du Portage Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
28577.txt	Red Deer River Watershed Data Scoping Study In response to the potential water quality and quantity issues, Alberta Environment and Water (AENV) is promoting a cumulative effects management approach to effectively plan for and manage the complex impacts of human developments. The application of a state of the art scientific water quality model to evaluate the achievement of environmental outcomes under various management and engineering options has been identified as a key component in providing decision support for implementing the water management frameworks. An integrated watershed and instream water quality model of the entire South Saskatchewan Regional Plan (SSRP) study area is crucial in supporting decision making on water allocation as well as maintaining healthy water environment for local biota and users. However, in order to launch the modelling of such a complicated and highly regulated water system, it is essential to identify, collect, and compile all the available data and knowledge that are useful for the development of an integrated model. This data scoping work is regarded as the most important task to ensure that modelling and other pertinent evaluations are based on comprehensive data and appropriate tools. This data scoping study will also identify any data and knowledge gaps so as to allow AENV time to prepare relevant strategies to deal with these issues in advance of model evaluations. The Red Deer River is the northern most basin in the South Saskatchewan River Basin (SSRB) and is least allocated with respect to water quantity of the three SSRB mainstem rivers (Oldman, Bow and Red Deer). However, low flows relative to the other two rivers, in-stream regulation of flows, and increasing urbanization and agricultural development have resulted in the Red Deer River generally having the poorest quality water of the mainstem rivers. This likely plays a significant role in the overall quality of the SSRB and has implications to achievement of water quality objectives developed as part of water quality management framework. The objective of this project is to conduct a data scoping study to achieve the following goals: collect and compile flow data for the Red Deer River Basin; collect and compile all existing water and sediment quality data; conduct water quality screening study to identify the list of water and sediment quality parameters with potential of non-compliance of selected SSRP water quality objectives; determine the major point/nonpoint source loadings into the key waterbodies; identify and compile previously collected bathymetric data for the mainstem Red Deer; collect and compile meteorological information, as well as snow and ice information; collect land use information, including the distribution of major land use types across the basin, as well as associated GIS layers; collect soil classification information, including the distribution of major classes of soils across the basin, as well as associated GIS layers; collect agriculture development information, including: the major crops, livestock, sources of irrigation water uses, and management strategies; identify key physical, chemical and biological processes that control the dynamics of key water and sediment quality parameters and indicators; compile digital elevation model (DEM) for the Red Deer basin; and identify major data gaps and recommend strategies for addressing gaps. Identify the optimal and most practical approach to address pertinent water management questions in the Red Deer River basin; e.g., appropriate model approaches and platforms; empirical/statistical analyses. URL_TAG 
29398.txt	For the Provision of Peak/Forage Caps for the Ontario Provincial Police ("OPP") This Request for Proposals ("RFP") is an invitation to prospective Proponents to submit Proposals for the provision peak/forage caps ("Caps") to the OPP as further described in the RFP. This RFP is issued by Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario as represented by the Minister of Community Safety and Correctional Services (the "Ministry"). The selected Proponent will be required to enter into an agreement with the Ministry for a period of three (3) years with an option in favour of the Ministry to extend the agreement on the same terms and conditions for two (2) additional terms of up to one (1) year each The objective of this RFP is to establish an Agreement with one (1) Supplier to warrant, supply, and deliver Caps to the OPP on an as-and-when required basis. The Agreement shall be for a single Cap design that shall be worn by both male and female members and supplied to both non-commissioned and commissioned OPP members in accordance with the requirements set out in this RFP. (There shall not be a separate Cap for male and a separate Cap for female OPP members).  The following provides a general overview of the Cap requirements: (a) There are two (2) styles of Caps required, non-commissioned Cap (Style "A") and commissioned Cap (Style "B"). (b)The standard requirements for both the Style "A" and Style "B" Cap are outlined in Section 2.2 and Appendix G of the RFP. (c) The difference between the non-commissioned Cap Style "A" and the commissioned Cap Style "B" are: the peak and strap - these differences are detailed in Section 2.2. item f) and i) of the RFP. There is one (1) peak and strap type for the Style "A" Cap and there are four (4) peak types and one (1) strap type for the yle "B" Cap; and,  the Supplier shall be required to affix a Ministry supplied gold bullion Cap  badge to the Style "B" Cap, as detailed in Section 2.2 item l).  (d) The Ministry has a requirement for two (2) types of the non-commissioned Style "A" Cap. The difference between the two (2) types is the colour of the mesh band and the removable fabric Cap band. All orders placed under the resulting Agreement for the OPP will be delivered to FOB Destination to 777 Memorial Avenue, Orillia, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG.   The Ministry estimates its total requirements (for all styles and types of Caps) over the Term of the Agreement (including the initial 3 year term plus the 2 - 1 year extension options) to be up to approximately four 4625 Style "A" non-commissioned Caps and up to approximately 375 Style "B" commissioned Caps.   Titre de la demande de x Casquettes/képis pour la Police provinciale de l'Ontario (Police provinciale)  Étendue des travaux Cet appel d'offres est une invitation aux proposants intéressés à soumettre des propositions pour la fourniture de casquettes/képis pour la Police provinciale, lancée par Sa Majesté la Reine du chef de l'Ontario représentée le ministère de la Sécurité communautaire et des Services correctionnels (« le ministère »). Le proposant sélectionné devra conclure une entente avec le ministère pour une période de trois (3) ans, avec la possibilité, en faveur du ministère, de prolonger l'entente, selon les mêmes conditions et modalités, de deux (2) périodes additionnelles d'au plus une (1) année chacune. Il est prévu que cette entente sera conclue vers le mois de janvier 2012. Le ministère estime qu'au total, durant la période couverte par l'entente (y compris les prolongations possibles), le nombre de casquettes/képis à fournir sera d'environ 4625 pour le style « A » (sous-officiers) et 375 pour le style « B » (officiers). Toutes les commandes devront être livrées destination FAB au 777, avenue Memorial, Orilla (Ontario) POSTALCODE_TAG.  Date de lancement AAAA/MM/JJ 2011/10/07 Date limite pour les questions des soumissionnaires/proposants AAAA/MM/JJ 2011/10/21 Date limite pour les addenda  AAAA/MM/JJ 2011/10/27 Date limite pour les soumissions/propositions AAAA/MM/JJ 11 h 00 (heure de Toronto (Ontario)), le 4 novembre 2011 Lieu : Gestion de la chaîne d'approvisionnement Bureau d'administration des appels d'offres 700, avenue University, 6e étage Toronto (Ontario) POSTALCODE_TAG * Le calendrier pour les demandes de soumissions est provisoire et peut être modifié par le ministère à sa discrétion exclusive, n'importe quand avant la date limite pour les soumissions/propositions 
31212.txt	The Corporation of Delta is creating a list of qualified land agents that w uld be available to assist it with negotiation, acquisition, disposition and leasi ng of interests in land and with communicating with outside agencies including utilities, t he Land Titles Office and private/public bodies. Please refer to the attached document for more information. Sheehy, Shawn Corporation of Delta 4500 Clarence Taylor Crescent Delta British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Contact : Sheehy, Shawn Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : BC Adresse Web : URL_TAG
35510.txt	Call for Tender, Solid Waste Haulers The City of Brooks is calling for tenders for one or two solid waste haulers (refuse trucks) URL_TAG 
27717.txt	Opportunity Description: The intent of this Tender is to obtain a formal offer to construct and complete: Nikka Yuko Japanese Garden Turf Irrigation System Upgrades work located at 9th Avenue South and Mayor Magrath Drive in Lethbridge, AB.
35429.txt	Theatre Seating - NB Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Addendum #2 Please note that the closing date has been changed to December 14, 2011. All other information remains the same.  Addendum #1 The following questions have been presented to PNB: Question 1 - Are seat numbers and/or letters required? Answer 1 - No. Question 2 - What is the floor material - wood or concrete? Answer 2 - The floor is concrete for the first 2 rows and steel pan with 2 layers  f ¾" plywood for the other 4 rows. All other information remains the same.  Coordination of installation to be in accordance with building completion date expected not before January 2012. Must be on site no later than March 23, 2012. "Must Meet or Exceed" Preference may be given to award for combination of price and delivery. All inquiries should be received, in writing, at least 7 calendar days prior to  the tender closing, addressed to Michèle Richardson, to fax number PHONENUMBER_TAG. Email and voicemail are NOT acceptable. This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. RETURN TO: CENTRAL TENDERING BRANCH P.O. Box 8000  Fredericton, N.B.  POSTALCODE_TAG  Marysville Place Room Number 205, 20 McGloin Street Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Public opening of bids will take place on closing day at 14:00 Atlantic Time, in  Marysville Place, Room 205, 20 McGloin Street, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG. All bids must be stated in Canadian Funds. All tenders must be F.O.B. destination, freight prepaid. Sales taxes should not be included in the unit, extended or total prices. This Invitation is being conducted under the provisions of the Public Purchasing  Act and Regulation as of the date of the issuance of the Invitation. Bidders may  btain a copy of the Act and Regulation from The Queen's Printer, Province of  N.B., P.O. Box 6000, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG The Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms & Conditions for Goods and Services apply  to this procurement and are considered to be incorporated into this document. By  submitting a bid, you agree and accept these terms and conditions. Current "Atlantic  Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions" are available on the New Brunswick  Opportunities Network, the Council of Atlantic Premiers' Website or from an authorized  service provider. A bidder must obtain official bid documents from a distribution service, authorized  by the Minister of Supply and Services, in order to submit a bid. The current  authorized distribution services are the New Brunswick Opportunities Network  (NBON) (operated by the Department of Supply and Services, Province of NB),  BIDS (operated by Tendering Publications Ltd.) and MERX (operated by  Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Failure to submit the official bid documents  r provide proof that the official bid documents were properly obtained will result in  rejection of the bid. In order to facilitate the evaluation process, Bidders are  requested to respond in the same format as the official bid documents. For procurements which are not subject to the provisions of one or more of the  interprovincial procurement agreements, the Province of New Brunswick reserves  the right to apply Provincial or regional Preferences, consider local content in  the evaluation of bids and/or refuse to consider bids from vendors from other  jurisdictions when it is considered to be in the best interests of the Province.  When determining the use of these conditions, the Province will consider, among  ther factors, the extent to which New Brunswick vendors have access to equivalent procurement  pportunities in those jurisdictions and the treatment accorded by those jurisdictions  to bids from New Brunswick vendors. The Province will be the sole judge of whether  these conditions will be used and the extent to which they will be applied. All discounts quoted will be considered to be without limitations. Payment of invoices is the responsibility of the department or organization to  whom the goods are shipped or services are supplied. Award of contracts: no contract shall be awarded and no payment shall be made to  a vendor unless authorized by the Minister or his delegates. The Minister may  make an award to the preferred vendor conditional on the negotiation and acceptance  f a detailed contract between the Province and the vendor. In such cases, should  the detailed contract negotiations not be completed in a reasonable period of  time, the Province reserves the right to discontinue negotiations with the vendor  and subsequently enter into negotiations with the second preferred vendor. No right or duty, in whole or in part, of the vendor under a contract issued may  be assigned or delegated without the prior consent of the Central Purchasing Branch. Unless the Central Purchasing Branch has determined otherwise prior to tender  closing, all prices must be extended and totalled. Direct Deposit The province of New Brunswick is now using Direct Deposit as the standard method of government payments. Suppliers are required to provide bank account  information (and email address if available) for remittance. Please send the completed Direct Deposit Form to the New Brunswick Internal  Services Agency as indicated on the form. Bidders are requested to include specifications on product quoted with the bid. NBCC SAINT JOHN 950 GRANDVIEW AVE. SAINT JOHN New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG 1: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 95 Organisation id : 3438 Description :  Acclaim CSFMFC Common standard floor mount fixed chair Seat * inner panel plywood * padding glued to inner panel * built in counter-weight to ensure automatic self-rising without springs * fully upholstered on all surfaces with a rear/bottom zipper allowing on-site  re-upholstery Back * inner panel curved plywood * padding glued to inner panel * fully upholstered on all surfaces enclosed at the bottom with a zipper allowing  n-site re-upholstery * outer back panel high pressure plastic laminate Seat Hinge * Shall be double stamped and welded 14 gauge steel with recessed holes for flush screw attachment. * Rubber bumpers shall be provided to insure silent seat return. * The hinge shall be designed to offer a positive stop location for the seat in  both occupied and unoccupied positions Dimensions * front seat height 18" from floor * chair depth 25 1/2" * seat back heath 31 1/2" from floor * seat depth unoccupied position 15" 2: Unit of measure : EACH Quantity: 43 Organisation id : 3438 Description :  EF Frames Frame shall be 3/4" x 2" x 16 gauge cold-rolled welded steel tubing, and 5/16"  x 2" hot-rolled pickled-in-oil steel strip, de-scaled and fully welded into one  integral freestanding structure upon which the seat, back, and arms are assembled.  Pivot and stop pins shall be machined from cold-finished steel to tolerances of  +0.000 -0.005. Floor mount plate shall be 5/16" thick coldrolled steel plate with two countersunk holes for 1/4-20 mounting screws. 3: Unit of measure : EACH Quantity: 43 Organisation id : 3438 Description :  EA Arms for frames Shall be kiln-dried solid hardwood, nominally 3/4" thick x 2-1/4" wide x 12"  long, stained to match the outer back panels or architects sample. The armrest  will be fastened to the steel frame with two #8 x 3/4" pan head sheet metal screws.  Chairs equipped with tablet arms shall have armrests nominally 3/4" thick x 2-1/4"  wide x 17-1/2" long and shall be attached to the steel frame arm support with  three #8 x 3/4" pan head sheet metal screws 4: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 95 Organisation id : 3438 Description :  TAFWS Tablet Arm Folding Writing Surface The retractable tablet folds between the arm and seat. both sides are finished  with the matte black high-pressure laminate and the edges are finished with vinyl  T-Molding. The writing surface is attached to a steal support plate. The chair  profile with the tablet arm closed measures 20 1/2" or 29" when the tablet is open 5: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 95 Organisation id : 3438 Description :  FPDRF Power and Data Ready Frames 115v/15amp power outlet and a RJ-45 Category 6 data port located on the front  f the frame. Wire raceways shall be provided for routing of the wires from chair  to chair. 6: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 12 Organisation id : 3438 Description :  EP End Panel 7: Unit of measure : EACH Quantity: 2 Organisation id : 3438 Description :  TA Transfer Arms ADA: American with Disabilities Act, required that any public project involving  fixed seating built in the US (not sure if this code applies to projects in  Canada), be equipped with "accessible" (Transfer) Arms. This means that a disable  person in a wheelchair (as an example), will be able to transfer from the wheelchair to the fixed chair without having to deal with  any obstacle such as the arm and/or end panel. This means that the seating  manufacturer has to find a way to incorporate a removable/swing-up/swing-out arm. 8: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 95 Organisation id : 3438 Description :  PLB High Pressure Plastic Laminate Backs 9: Unit of measure : EACH Quantity: 95 Organisation id : 3438 Description :  Labour 10: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 1 Organisation id : 3438 Description :  Lifetime warranty warrants against failures and manufacturing defects for the life of the product.  TSI will provide all Parts and labor to replace defective parts for first two  years after installation. TSI will Provide replacement parts for the life of the  product. This procurement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement on Internal Trade,  the Atlantic Procurement Agreement and the Quebec-New Brunswick Procurement Agreement. Michèle Richardson Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
35412.txt	TEST SET,ELECTRICAL CABLE Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TEST SET,ELECTRICAL CABLE W8486-121933/A ITEM 1: TEST SET, ELECTRICAL CABLE NSN: 6625-20-0030960 DTX 1800-MS-DND SERIES Copper/Multimode/Singlemode Cable Analyser, C/W; DTX-1800-INTL Cable Analyser and Battery pack, DTX 1800-INTL Smart Remote and Battery Pack, International Multi-language firmware set of two DTX-MFM2 Multimode Fiber Modules set of two DTX-SMF2 Singlemode Fiber Modules, two 62.5/125 um Multimode reference test cords 2m SC/SC, two 62.5/125 um Mandrels, two 9/125 um singlemode reference test corde 2m SC/SC, two 50 um Mandrels, DTX-MFM2/GFM2 Fiber modules international Multi-language user manual, two Cat 6/Class E Channel Adapters, two headsets, carry strap, carry case, memory card, USB cable, RS-232 serial cable, two AC Universal 120-240V chargers, DTX series international Multi-language User Manuals, DTX Series Cable Analyser Product, CD, Linkware Software CD, Canadian warranty/service registration card, statement of calibration w/product serial number. P/N: DTX 1800MS-DND NSCM: L2004 Fluke Electronics Canada, Mississauga, On Quantity: 4 KT Delivery: March 31, 2012. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Godbout, Lyne 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31217.txt	Opportunity Description: The Banff Gate Mountain Resort is located on Pigeon Mountain at the foot of Mount Lougheed on the south side of Highway 1 from Dead Mans Flats. It consists of approximately 45 chalet style buildings with several other reception and resident style buildings. The goal of this project is to modify the fuels in 4 specific priority areas surrounding the resort.
35459.txt	Contract Admin Services for the Construction of Three Acrow Panel Bridges and Approach Roads Project Components The major construction components of the Project include: Construction of foundations and erection of an Acrow panel bridge and approach roads at Mainland River. Construction of foundations and erection of an Acrow panel bridge and approach roads at Red Sucker River. Construction of foundations and erection of an Acrow panel bridge and approach roads at Stevenson River. The Project also includes: Potential mitigation works to minimize impacts to surface water resources. Potential mitigation works to minimize socio-economic, cultural and biophysical impacts. 
35499.txt	Waste Management Master Plan (12/20) The City of Red Deer is inviting qualified proponents to submit a proposal to complete an integrated solid Waste Management Master Plan. URL_TAG 
39281.txt	HOLDER,SPRING, VARIOUS ITEMS Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: HOLDER,SPRING, VARIOUS ITEMS W8486-122440/A Line1, 5965-99-911-1687, HOLDER,SPRING ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: B105788 OR P/N: 105788 NSMC: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICS lTD, HARROW, GB QUANTITY: 200 Line2, 5305-99-790-7058, SCREW,MACHINE ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: BS4183-TABLE 5 M1.6 X 10 NSCM: K7766 BRITISH STANDARDS INSTITUTION, LONDON, GB QUANTITY: 1000 Line3, 5965-99-666-9635, EARCUSHION,PLATFORM EARCUSHION P/O SLIMGARD HEADSET ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: 566228 NSMC: ZAW76 EYLEX PTY LTD, CASTLE HILL, ST P/N: 566228 NSMC: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICS LTD, HARROW, GB QUANTITY: 6000 Line4, 5998-99-666-3373, CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMBLY ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: A2/563681 NSCM: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICS, HARROW, GB QUANTITY: 600 Line5, 5965-99-549-6445, BOOM, MICROPHONE ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: 561750/1 OR P/N: A2/561750/1 NSMC: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICS, HARROW, GB QUANTITY: 2000 Line6, 6150-99-500-6116, CABLE ASSEMBLY-SWITCH, ELECTRICAL ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: 553493 OR P/N: A1/553493 NSMC: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICS LTD, HARROW, GB QUANTITY: 500 Line7, 5998-99-471-3149, CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMBLY ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: 561768 OR P/N: A1/561768 NSMC: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICSLTD, HARROW, GB QUANTITY: 800 Line8, 5340-99-338-6021, STRAP ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: 558249 NSCM: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICS, HARROW, GB QUANTITY: 800 Line9, 5965-99-251-8268, COVER ASSEMBLY, DAMP ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: 25479 NSMC: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICS LTD, HARROW, GB OR NSMC: K3926 RACAL ACOUSTICS LTD, HARROW, GB QUANTITY: 2000 Line10, 5305-99-147-7241, SCREW, TAPPING ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURERS PART NUMBERS: P/N: 406430 OR P/N: FT406430 NSMC: K1057 RACAL ACOUSTICS LTD, HARROW, GB QUANTITY: 1000 ALTERNATE OR EQUIVALENT PART NUMBERS WILL BE CONSIDERED FOR DELIVERY TO CFB MONTREAL APRIL 1, 2012 OR LATER Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Turner, Louie 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29397.txt	Provision of Snow Removal Services Provision of Snow Removal Services
39252.txt	Synthetic Playing Surface for Open Air Stadium The following are the basic requirements of the client, Sports Services, as compiled by the University of Ottawa coaching staff, interuniversity athletes, intramural participants and external clients for a synthetic sports surface. This surface will consist of flip side and tufted monofilament fibers, and will be ballasted by a fill of washed and dried silica sand and resilient infill made from one of three products a. Styrene Butadiene Rubber (SBR) granules coming from recycled used tires either through a cryogenic or ambient process b. Ethylene Propylene Diene Monomer (EPDM) rubber granules c. Thermoplastic Elastomer (TPE) synthetic turf system The Request for Proposal is seeking separate pricing for all three (or four) of the above infill solutions in order to make the overall best decision in terms of return on investment.  Proponents who are able to quote more than one solution are asked to do so. 
37308.txt	Construction Manager at Risk Services, Edmonton Zone, St Joseph's Auxiliary Hospital Palliative Care Construction Manager at Risk Services, Edmonton Zone, St Joseph's Auxiliary Hospital Palliative Care URL_TAG 
37197.txt	Plaques de blindage personnelles Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Title: Personal Armour Plate The Statement of Work (SOW) describes the services required by Defence research and development Canada - Valcartier (DRDC Valcartier) aim at carrying out the following objectives : This project includes two phases: Phase 1- development phase of three years which explore and develop advanced material concept armour for personnel. Optional Phase 2, supply and delivery of ne to five years maximum. Up to 3 bids may be recommended for award of contract. Details objectives are: 1- To support Canadian industries that have capabilities of developing, manufacturing and integrating armours to improve processing and manufacturing techniques that will result in a better quality of armour (new technologies and/or material almost ready to be put in service and improve ceramic base for AP threats) 2- To increase the performance of armours for personal protection NIJ threat level III and IV 3- To optimize integration to reduce weight of armour 4- To answer punctual needs in armour plate supplies Bidders can bid on more than one THREAT LEVEL specified in Annex A, but should submit one separate bid for each specified work. Canada requests that bidders clearly identify in the first pages of their bid which THREAT LEVEL of work they are bidding n, which means, III or IV or both. Client department The services will be rendered to Defence Research and Development Canada (DRDC-Valcartier). Period of the contract : The period of the Contract is from date of Contract to March 31, 2014 inclusively for phase 1 (development) plus 5 year ptionals periods of 1 year each for phase 2 (purchase). Contract funding The maximum funding available for the contract resulting from the bid solicitation is $100 000.00 CAN, per 12 months for a 36 months period for a total amount of $300 000.00 CAN for Phase 1 - Development (Goods and Services Tax or the Harmonized Sales Tax extra, as appropriate). Bids valued in excess of this amount will be considered non-responsive. This disclosure does not commit Canada to pay the maximum funding available. Mandatory Technical Criteria Bidder is requested to provide its best armour plates to qualify for a ballistic limit test (the V50) threat level III and/or IV as per NIJ-101.06. The bidder must provide plates for qualification that correspond to the same threat level of the proposed new plates. The bidder must provide data sheet record f the given plates and detail the manufacturing technology used. The ballistic limit qualification tests (V50) will be done at DRDC Valcartier laboratory according to NIJ-101.06 standard, excluding the submersion test. Number of plates required is as specified by NIJ-101.06 standard. A failed test will result in disqualification. Plates must be sent along with its proposal on the same date and time than expected for its submission. Point Rated Technical Criteria Technical Proposal maximum 40 points, minimum 20 points Management proposal maximum 35 points, minimum 17.5 points Qualifications of resources maximum 10 points, minimum 5 points Bidder's organization maximum 15 points, minimum 7.5 points Security requirements : There is a security requirement associated with this requirement. For additional information, consult Part 6 - Security, Financial and Other Requirements, and Part 7 - Resulting Contract Clauses. Bidders should consult the "Security Requirements for PWGSC Bid Solicitations - Instructions for Bidders" URL_TAG document on the Departmental Standard Procurement Documents Web site." Other information : - The requirement is subject to the provisions of the Agreement n Internal Trade (AIT). - The requirement is limited to Canadian goods and/or services. - This requirement is subject to Controlled goods program. W7701-101554/A Brisebois, Aline Ndegrees de téléphone - PHONENUMBER_TAG Nº fax - PHONENUMBER_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Brisebois, Aline 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39159.txt	Property Management Services North Zone, Various Sites Property Management Services North Zone, Various Sites URL_TAG 
31231.txt	The intent of this tender is to determine a contractor to complete the fore st fuel management treatment as identified. The scope of work includes commercial thinning perations and manual treatments. All components must be completed prior t March 31st, 2012. Addendum #1 to Invitations to Tender - Fuel Management Rose Valley Regional Park (Parks T- 02-2011)And Glen Canyon Regional Park (Parks T-03-2011)to provide clarifica tion to points in the tender as a result of questions received to date. Addendum #2 to Invitations to Tender - Fuel Management Rose Valley Regional Park (Parks T- 02-2011)And Glen Canyon Regional Park (Parks T-03-2011)to provide additiona l clarification to points in the tender as a result of questions received. MacKenzie, Cathy Regional District of Central Okanagan 1450 K.L.O. Road Kelowna British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Contact : MacKenzie, Cathy Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : BC Adresse Web : URL_TAG
31205.txt	The Ministry of Forests, Lands and Natural Resource Operations (the 'Minist ry'), BC Timber Sales invites commercial nurseries to bid on this Tender for the production of 1+0 and 2+0 forest seedlings required for the Ministry's reforestation programs. 1. Forest Seedling Production Contract - Tender No. 2012F 2. Location of Potential Bidders: Nurseries situated near major transporta tion routes in Canada. 3. No. of Seedlings to be Grown: -29,926.9 thousand one-year-old container seedlings to be grown in open co mpound r greenhouse facilities -453 thousand two-year-old container seedlings to be grown in open compoun d or greenhouse facilities 4. Species to be Grown:  Abies Lasiocarpa BL Western redcedar CW Interior Douglas-fir FDI Western Larch LW White Pine PW Yellow Pine PY Lodgepole Pine PLI Spruce Hybrid SX Sitka spruce SXS, SS Amendment#1 has an updated: Info to Bidders and Schedule C regarding PLI seed conservation. Amenment #2 is updated: all Lw is to be IWrap so all PSB has been changed to PSI and has an updated : Tender Offer Form for 2012F Kagawa, Patti BC Timber Sales 3rd floor, 727 Fisgard Street PO Box 9507 Stn Prov Govt Victoria British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Contact : Kagawa, Patti Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : BC Adresse Web : URL_TAG
31183.txt	WEST ADVOCATE SEAWALL RESTORATION Fisheries and Oceans, Canadian Coast Guard are looking for tenders for the Restoration of the West Advocate Seawall on Beach Road, West Advocate, N. S. Level of Effort is $400,000.00 maximum, HST included For the MANDATORY site visit please contact Malcolm Cook to arrange for a time. Project Officer: Malcolm Cook PHONENUMBER_TAG Senior Contracts Officer: Darlene Myers PHONENUMBER_TAG Project completion will be no later than January 31, 2012. 
28369.txt	Opportunity Description: Alberta Sustainable Resource Development, Wildfire Management Branch invites formal written proposals for the engineered foundation, fabrication, construction and installation of One 30 metre freestanding Wildfire Observation Tower as outlined in Schedule "A" attached.
39284.txt	VALVE,CHECK Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: VALVE,CHECK W8482-120948/A Lepage, Renee Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Quantity: Four (4) Item 001, VALVE,CHECK NSN: N4820-21-9082593 Acceptable Part Number and Manufacturer (or equivalent): Part Number: C-1266 REV 2 Cage: 38881 Montreal Bronze Ltd OR Part Number: 2 IN 587 CPF Cage: 09513 Jenkins Valves/92/INC VALVE,CHECK.ASTM B61 BRZ BODY;QQ-N-288 MONEL SEAT AND SWING TYPEDISK;STR THRU FLG ENDS STYLE;8.000 IN.FACE TO FACEDIST;2.000 IN. VALVE SIZE;AUTO OPER;STEAM MEDIA;150.0PSI MAX,450.0 DEG F MAX;WOG MEDIA,225.0 PSI MAX;PLAINFACE FLG;6.000 IN.FLG OD;0.500 IN.FLG THK;4 BOLT HOLES0.750 IN.DIA ON 4.750 IN.DIA BOLT CIRCLE;HORIZ OR VERTMTG;SHOCK TESTED AS PER SPEC D-03-003-007/SF-000 GRADE1 TYPE A Quantity: Three (3) Item 002, VALVE,CHECK NSN: N4820-21-9082593 Acceptable Part Number and Manufacturer (or equivalent): Part Number: C-1266 REV 2 Cage: 38881 Montreal Bronze Ltd OR Part Number: 2 IN 587 CPF Cage: 09513 Jenkins Valves/92/INC VALVE,CHECK.ASTM B61 BRZ BODY;QQ-N-288 MONEL SEAT AND SWING TYPEDISK;STR THRU FLG ENDS STYLE;8.000 IN.FACE TO FACEDIST;2.000 IN. VALVE SIZE;AUTO OPER;STEAM MEDIA;150.0PSI MAX,450.0 DEG F MAX;WOG MEDIA,225.0 PSI MAX;PLAINFACE FLG;6.000 IN.FLG OD;0.500 IN.FLG THK;4 BOLT HOLES0.750 IN.DIA ON 4.750 IN.DIA BOLT CIRCLE;HORIZ OR VERTMTG;SHOCK TESTED AS PER SPEC D-03-003-007/SF-000 GRADE1 TYPE A Quantity: Ten (10) Item 003, DIAPHRAGM,VALVE,SPECIAL SHAPED NSN: N4820-21-9082597 Acceptable Part Number and Manufacturer (or equivalent): Part Number: D-0052-HT Cage: 38881 Montreal Bronze Ltd DIAPHRAGM,VALVE,SPECIAL SHAPED.CHLOROPRENE RUBBER MATERIAL;4 BOLT HOLES;150 PSI PRESRATING;180 DEG F TEMP RATING;U/O MONTREAL BRONZEDIAPHRAGM VALVE D-0267 Quantity: Thirty (30) Item 004, DIAPHRAGM,VALVE,SPECIAL SHAPED NSN: N4820-21-9082597 Acceptable Part Number and Manufacturer (or equivalent): Part Number: D-0052-HT Cage: 38881 Montreal Bronze Ltd DIAPHRAGM,VALVE,SPECIAL SHAPED.CHLOROPRENE RUBBER MATERIAL;4 BOLT HOLES;150 PSI PRESRATING;180 DEG F TEMP RATING;U/O MONTREAL BRONZEDIAPHRAGM VALVE D-0267 Delivery Highly desirable on or before March 8, 2012. DDP Destination - British Columbia and Nova Scotia. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Lepage, Renee 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 7A2, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31170.txt	Rocky View County is seeking potential proponents to provide afterhours call answering and messaging services for the Rocky View County Administraction Complex, Infrastructure & Operations Building, and Emergency Services Building. Contact : Lisa Larson Téléphone : 403-520-8181 Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
34414.txt	Request for Proposal C. Background The Public Services Health & Safety Association serves Ontario's public service sector, including universities, colleges and school boards, municipalities, health and community care organizations, emergency services and First Nations. We assist over 9,000 organizations achieve safer and healthier work environments for their one million workers by helping them identify and reduce workplace risks and hazards and to prevent workplace injuries, illness and disease. As a result of the amalgamation of three organizations in January, 2010, PSHSA must undertake a full Compensation and Job Review. The goal of this work is that the new compensation structure will create internal equity within the PSHSA as well as position it to be externally competitive within the various markets from which staff are recruited.  PSHSA is a unionized environment, with COPE (Canadian Office and Professional Employees Union) as its designated bargaining agent. PSHSA's employee base of 75 FTE's is categorized as:  Regional Consultants and Regional Directors who work from their homes (about 50 individuals) Administrative staff including executive assistants, client coordinators, finance, human resources and IT, reception, who work from our head office (about 18 individuals) Management staff including Vice Presidents and CEO, who work from our head office (7 individuals) At this time, PSHSA has approximately 10 Bargaining Unit jobs and approximately 8 Non-Bargaining Unit jobs. Across the three amalgamated organizations, compensation practices varied greatly. Data points for all incumbents are available, but pre-existing salary structures and related documentation may not be available. It is expected that the organization will adopt one compensation philosophy, comprising of a common pay-line, Job Evaluation system and salary grid. Any demarcations between bargaining unit and non-bargaining unit positions will be addressed through the Job Evaluation processes, Salary Administration, and the administration of the Compensation and Job Design program. PSHSA is currently engaged in an Organizational Design Review process. In addition, PSHSA and COPE are in the process of negotiating a Collective Agreement. While each activity will contribute to this project, PSHSA does not consider the three initiatives to be fully interdependent. The successful proponent will be required to work with both internal PSHSA staff, and external resources as appropriate. D. Scope of Services This RFP is being issued to seek prospective Proponent's background information, proposal and pricing quotations for PSHSA requirements to undertake a full Compensation and Job Review.  This project has six primary deliverables: 1. Identification of Compensation Philosophy and Pay Policy, Program Design, Processes, and Documentation Review of Compensation Philosophy across Health and Safety Ontario sector, and Ontario Public Service (OPS) Recommendation of Compensation Philosophy taking into account consideration of funding sources and recruitment competitors, justification of compensation policy and accountability to the public. Design of Compensation Program, including Philosophy, Pay Line, Pay Practices 2. Pay Equity Compliance and Creation of Job Evaluation System Pay Equity Compliance through Job Evaluation Pay Equity legal compliance i.e. with Pay Equity policy statement, plan, on-going review process Customization of a job evaluation model and supporting tools accurately reflecting PSHSA's environment and evaluation of all roles within the scope of this project Advice, training and support in the creation and management of a Job Evaluation Committee, which for bargaining unit positions, will include representatives of the bargaining unit employees  Guidance and oversight of the work of the Job Evaluation Committee in the evaluation of all unique roles within scope of this project Guidance in "sore thumbing" across roles and job categories and a finalized hierarchy of all the evaluated roles  3. Compensation Review, Recommendations and Implementation Market survey and data; established surveys and/or custom surveys, as needed to support rationale for the proponent's recommendations Identification of comparable organizations Development of a job/grade band structure that groups jobs and/or job families of equivalent internal value Full market assessment based on pay policy principles  Research and recommendation of options for compensation models Preparation of a comprehensive salary structure including grades and ranges, for all job ranges/job families identified, including Salary Administration, merit increases, options to tie to performance 4. Job Design Review, Recommendations and Implementation Creation of job families Design of Job Description/Role Profile template which is aligned with Job Evaluation tool; population and production of all profiles Development of common nomenclature for Job Descriptions/Role Profiles, as well as common language as appropriate Design of competency framework, and initial profile tool Completion of competency- based job descriptions, which will include input from incumbents as part of the process 5. Project Management, Full Communication, Training, Roll-Out and Material Documentation Project Management of the full project with milestones and routine project status reports Training/orientation in the use of the job evaluation tool will be provided by the vendor Creation of communication strategy and documentation for the implementation of the new salary structure  Nomenclature, full process documentation, full program documentation, and knowledge transfer All documentation, templates, managers' tool kit, etc. Provision of Job Evaluation tool, market data, position descriptions, salary grid, position hierarchy and other related information as requested, in electronic format(s) as determined by PSHSA (will be a format that is readily available in a Microsoft Office platform). 6. Maintenance Provision of support through implementation phase including problem resolution, process updates, and program revisions as necessary On-going production of job related documents on an as-needed basis Provision of compensation and related market data on an as-needed basis Provision of training or related activities on an as-needed basis Participation in briefing notes or related communication pieces on an as-needed basis Other related services on an as-needed basis E. Project Term  Project Elements 1-5 of the project are to be complete by March 31, 2012. Project Element 6 will be in effect from April 1, 2012 until November 30, 2012.  F. Guidelines for Proponent's Submission The preferred format for the Proponent's "Offer of Service" or response to this RFP is as follows:  Understanding of assignment:  In narrative form, provide a summary of your understanding of the assignment, the major tasks to be completed, and the skills required to do the project. Each Proponent is to include in its proposal a description of how the Proponent will provide the services outlined, which must include a project work plan that includes milestones, methodology and approach.  Company History: Provide a summary of your firm's history outlining in particular those elements that highlight your firm's ability to conduct this work.  Include any recently formed partnerships or strategic alliances with other companies that may be beneficial to PSHSA for the purposes of the services requested in this RFP. Approach Describe your approach to the assignment and how you will coordinate the deliverables of all 6 project elements to execute a comprehensive and sustainable solution. Define how you would adjust your approach to suit a small not-for- profit in the Broader Public Sector that includes a unionized group.  Qualifications: Provide a detailed explanation of your firm's qualifications, and the qualifications of the individuals you are proposing to undertake the project.  Include the main contacts for the project and for each phase / element of the project. Provide detailed resumes of all individuals you are proposing for this assignment. Previous experience:  Provide an outline of your firm's previous experience working on projects of this nature. 3 references are to be provided in APPENDIX A. Be specific to define how your experience will support the needs of this project. Costs and Schedule:  Provide a complete listing of pricing/costs, including staff, expenses and any contingencies. Prices should be defined for each of the 6 project elements.  Provide a detailed project plan and schedule.  Hourly / per diem rates for all individuals (or class of worker) who will be engaged in the project. Define the proposed process for managing and resolving any issues Please ensure that: Any out-of-pocket expenses are clearly stated.  Any assumptions incorporated in the proposal are defined. Value-added services offered free of charge are noted.  Other services available from the Proponent and any other information that may support the proposal is included.  G. Budget The budget for this assignment is not to exceed $100,000 including tax. PSHSA is seeking innovative, collaborative approaches in pricing for execution of the assignment. 
31146.txt	Opportunity Description: Sealed tenders will be received and opened in the afternoon of the closing date on the 6th Floor, 515 King St. Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG, for the following: Crown Construction NB POWER DISTRIBUTION AND CUSTOMER SERVICE CORPORATION 0501-11-C17 Roof Replacement - Energy Control Center Marysville, New Brunswick Bid Deposit Required November 30, 2011 @ 3:00 p.m. Mandatory Site Meetings scheduled for November 8, 2011 at 11:00 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. At the Energy Control Center, 77 Canada Street, Marysville, N.B. Crown Construction Tender Documents will be displayed at the following locations: - Fredericton Northwest Construction Association Offices - Moncton Northeast Construction Association Offices - Saint John Construction Association - Construction Association of Nova Scotia - Construction Association of PEI Tender documents may be obtained from: URL_TAG The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. Les soumissions sous enveloppe cachetée seront acceptées jusqu'à la date limite, et le dépouillement aura lieu l'après-midi du même jour, au 6e étage, 515, rue King, Fredericton (N.-B.) POSTALCODE_TAG. Construction de la Couronne DISTRIBUTION ET SERVICE À LA CLIENTÈLE ÉNERGIE NB 0501-11-C17 Remplacement du toit - Centre de conduite du réseau, Marysville, Nouveau-Brunswick Dépôt de soumission requis Le 30 novembre 2011 à 15 h 00 HAA Il y aura deux (2) réunions obligatoires sur le site qui sont prévues pour le 08 novembre 2011. La première est prévue à 11 h 00 et la deuxième est prévue à 13 h 00, les deux seront tenues au Centre de conduite du réseau, 77 Rue Canada, Marysville, N.-B. Tous les soumissionnaires doivent assister à une (1) seule réunion. Les documents d'appel d'offres seront affichés aux bureaux suivants : - Fredericton Northwest Construction Association - Moncton Northeast Construction Association - Saint John Construction Association - Construction Association of Nova Scotia - Construction Association of PEI On peut se procurer le document d'appel d'offres à URL_TAG et URL_TAG Ni la plus basse, ni aucune des soumissions ne sera nécessairement acceptée. This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must btain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. Tenders available online at <u>NB Power</u>. Item #: 1 Commodity No.: 5153A ROOFING, SIDING AND SHEET METAL INSTALLATION SERVICES     Sealed tenders will be received and opened in the afternoon of the closing date on the 6th Floor, 515 King St. Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG, for the following: Crown Construction NB POWER DISTRIBUTION AND CUSTOMER SERVICE CORPORATION 0501-11-C17 Roof Replacement - Energy Control Center Marysville, New Brunswick Bid Deposit Required November 30, 2011 @ 3:00 p.m. Mandatory Site Meetings scheduled for November 8, 2011 at 11:00 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. At the Energy Control Center, 77 Canada Street, Marysville, N.B. Crown Construction Tender Documents will be displayed at the following locations: - Fredericton Northwest Construction Association Offices - Moncton Northeast Construction Association Offices - Saint John Construction Association - Construction Association of Nova Scotia - Construction Association of PEI Tender documents may be obtained from: URL_TAG The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. Les soumissions sous enveloppe cachetée seront acceptées jusqu'à la date limite, et le dépouillement aura lieu l'après-midi du même jour, au 6e étage, 515, rue King, Fredericton (N.-B.) POSTALCODE_TAG. Construction de la Couronne DISTRIBUTION ET SERVICE À LA CLIENTÈLE ÉNERGIE NB 0501-11-C17 Remplacement du toit - Centre de conduite du réseau, Marysville, Nouveau-Brunswick Dépôt de soumission requis Le 30 novembre 2011 à 15 h 00 HAA Il y aura deux (2) réunions obligatoires sur le site qui sont prévues pour le 08 novembre 2011. La première est prévue à 11 h 00 et la deuxième est prévue à 13 h 00, les deux seront tenues au Centre de conduite du réseau, 77 Rue Canada, Marysville, N.-B. Tous les soumissionnaires doivent assister à une (1) seule réunion. Les documents d'appel d'offres seront affichés aux bureaux suivants : - Fredericton Northwest Construction Association - Moncton Northeast Construction Association - Saint John Construction Association - Construction Association of Nova Scotia - Construction Association of PEI On peut se procurer le document d'appel d'offres à URL_TAG et URL_TAG Ni la plus basse, ni aucune des soumissions ne sera nécessairement acceptée. La présente est un avis d'appel d'offres seulement. Afin de présenter une soumission, vous devez obtenir les documents de soumission officiels en vous adressant au Réseau de possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick, à un service de distribution autorisé ou à une autre source telle qu'indiquée dans l'avis d'appel d'offres. On peut se procurer le document d'appel d'offres à <u>Énergie NB</u>. Nº d'article: 1 Ndegrees de la marchandise: 5153A ROOFING, SIDING AND SHEET METAL INSTALLATION SERVICES     Administrative address is NB Power 515 King St. P.O. Box 2000 Fredericton, New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG     L'adresse administrative est NB Power 515 King St. P.O. Box 2000 Fredericton, Nouveau-Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG
28088.txt	Opportunity Description: Amendment to Proposal – Envelope # 2 CL236PL HIGH LEVEL DISINFECTANT (Business/Financial Response)  Amendments have been made to volumes on specific line items highlighted in "yellow" for Tab #1 CL236PL HIGH LEVEL DISINFECTANT (MANUAL USE) and Tab #2 CL236PL HIGH LEVEL DISINFECTANT (AUTOMATIC). If you have already submitted your response to HealthPRO and should you choose to amend your response as a result of these changes, please provide your submission within the allocated period of time. Upon receipt of your amended response, HealthPRO will return the original submission un-opened to the supplier and it will be deemed null and void. 
39251.txt	01B68-11-0164 - Evaluation of the Water Infrastructure Program Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada's (AAFC) Office of Audit and Evaluation (OAE) is conducting an evaluation of the Water Infrastructure Program. This evaluation is being conducted to fulfill a commitment outlined in AAFC's Five-Year Strategic Evaluation Plan (2011/12 to 2015/16) and as required by Treasury Board's Policy on Evaluation (2009). The evaluation is targeted for completion by June 2012 and will inform future management decisions with AAFC's real property holdings regarding water infrastructure. 
32357.txt	To provide Technical Investigation and Engineering Support services for Naval Mine Countermeasure. Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exceptional Circumstances Under Article 508 (1) of AIT Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: Martec Limited Martec Limited 1888 Brunswick Street, Suite 400 Halifax Nova Scotia Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Nature of Requirements: To provide Technical Investigation and Engineering Support Services for Naval Mine Countermeasure (NMCM) capability. W8482-120334/A Wilkie, Neil Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG The Department of National Defence supports a Naval Mine Countermeasures capability. This capability requires the support f a number of software packages. National Defence owns the Intellectual Property for some of the software packages. There are additional software packages which will be required, some of which are available Commercial Off the Shelf and others may require development. This requirement is for the provision of Technical Investigation and Engineering Services (TIES) services, on an "as and when requested" basis by one (1) Senior Software Specialist, one (1) Senior Engineer and one (1) Junior Engineer. The Contractor is required to provide, procure, support and apply DND NMCM software systems. In providing these services the Contractor will summarize, make recommendations and prepare responses to any or all of those activities identified below which are associated with NMCM software systems. The activities associated with this requirement may include but are not limited to the following: a. procure COTS software packages as required. Examples could include: (1) Sonar Performance Predicting or Modelling, such as ESPRESSO; (2) Intelligence Databases, such as MIDAS, a reference tool for mines (3) Mine Warfare Databases, such as RSDAF Mine Warfare Pilots; (4) NMCM planning and evaluation tools such as MCM-EXPERT/DARE, (5) vehicle track planner to be used by MCM units; and (6) data analysis tool to be used by MCM units, such as SeeTrack, SonarWizMap, Sonar Pro, etc. b. provide support/upgrades for COTS software packages; c. develop and support new software packages; d. develop and support the interfaces between software packages; e. develop and support user interfaces with software packages f. maintain Intelligence databases (mine data) and Mine Warfare data bases (including data such as bottom type data and contact history data, to be used as planning and evaluation tools g. apply NMCM software packages. Examples could include employing Sonar Performance Prediction or Modelling software to produce P(y) curves h. produce NMCM reports. Examples could include using Planning and Evaluation tools to produce Risk Reports i. develop and support hardware and software systems to be used by deployed MCM units. Mandatory Requirements For TIES on NMCM software systems. The mandatory requirements are as stated below. Either the Senior Software Specialist, the Senior Engineer or the Junior Engineer: (1) At least one (1) candidate must possess a minimum of twenty-four (24) months of demonstrated experience within the last five (5) years using the software packages Total Mine Simulation System (TMSS), Remora, and SPM Expert; (2) At least one (1) candidate must possess a minimum of twenty-four (24) months of demonstrated experience within the last five (5) years working with the system Ship Acoustic Range Analysis System (SARAS); (3) At least one (1) candidate must be familiar with source codes used by Canadian Naval Influence Ranges for conducting Degaussing and Acoustic ranging activities; (4) At least one (1) candidate must possess a demonstrated experience in digital data processing techniques within the last five (5) years and have familiarity with compilers for Labview, Windows XP Pro environments; (5) At least one (1) candidate must possess certification from a provincial association of Professional Engineers; (6) At least one (1) candidate must provide a written example involving engineering or scientific applications for at least 3000 lines of original code in at least one of the OS environments; (7) At least one (1) candidate must possess a minimum of twenty-four (24) months of demonstrated experience within the last five (5) years of in-service life cycle and equipment support management experience with each of the following: (a) Data Acquisition Hardware, (DSP, DAT, etc.), (b) Instrumentation, (hydrophones, GPS, accelerometers, data processing equipment DAC, etc.), and (c) Ship Signature Analysis Systems; (8) At least one (1) candidate must possess demonstrated experience in intranet hardware, TCP/IP and Associated protocol software and hardware and that candidate must also provide a written example of its hands-on experience; (9) At least one (1) candidate must possess a minimum of thirty-six (36) months of demonstrated experience as administrator and developer of Windows XP Pro within the last (5) five years and that candidate must also provide a written example to demonstrate its hands-on experience; and (10) At least one (1) candidate must possess practical working knowledge with latest computer technology hardware including multicore architecture and that candidate must also provide a written example to demonstrate its hands-on experience. Security Requirements: 1. The Contractor must at all times during the performance of the Contract/Standing Offer, hold a valid Facility Security Clearance at the level of SECRET, with approved Document Safeguarding at the level of SECRET, issued by the Canadian Industrial Secuity Directorate, Public Works and Government Services Canada. 2. The Contractor personnel requiring access to PROTECTED/CLASSIFIED information, assets or sensitive work site(s) must EACH hold a valid personnel security screening at the level of SECRET, granted or approved by the Canadian Industrial Security Directorate (CISD), Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC). The period of the proposed contract or the required delivery: The Work is to be performed during the period of date of contract to three (3) years after date of contract. "An OPTION to extend the period of service for two(2) additional ne(1) year periods will also be requested". Government Contracts Regulations Exception and Limited Tendering Reason, Government Contracting Regulations 6 (d) The exception should only be invoked where patents, copyright requirements, or technical compatibility factors and technological expertise suggest that only one contractor exists. Suppliers' right to submit a statement of capabilities "Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services and/or goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this notice on or before the closing date f this notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements." Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Wilkie, Neil 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 6C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
39136.txt	Canadian Council of Professional Fish Harvesters Corporate Video and Photography The Canadian Council of Professional Fish Harvesters requires a promotional video to be used at multiple events. The video will also be used to help advertise the services that CCPFH offers to its members including the work it does, and the tools and products it creates for fish harvesters.  We also require photography to be used in promotional material including pamphlets and our website. These pictures will include people, communities and possibly fish harvesting in action. 
31143.txt	Opportunity Description: The Capital Region Southwest Water Services Commission requires work to be completed at the southwest boundary station, located at 51146 Hwy 2 service road. The work requires installation of a magnetic water meter and upgrade of piping.
39291.txt	Opportunity Description: AHS intends to review the responses received in reply to this RFI for the purposes of defining its needs and subsequently taking the appropriate steps to implement a Poison and Drug Information system (PADIS) at AHS Enterprise level. 
31180.txt	Preparation of Provincial Park Management Plans – MB Conservation Northwest Region Manitoba Conservation is seeking the services of a consultant to prepare a series of concise (8-10 page) management plans for seven provincial parks in Manitoba's northwestern region. The proponent will compile information, facilitate working sessions, prepare, review and finalize management plans for each park, prepare public consultation materials and serve as a presenter/facilitator at three public drop-in sessions. Parks include: Bakers Narrows, Clearwater Lake, Grand Rapids, Neso Lake, Rocky Lake, Twin Lakes and Wekusko Falls.  A proponent meeting to review project specifications with prospective consultants will be held in Boardroom A - 200 Saulteaux Crescent on Tuesday, November 8, 2011 from 10:30 a.m. – 12:00 noon. For further information and copy of the tender documents please contact: Manitoba Conservation Parks and Natural Areas Branch Phone: Cathy Hummelt PHONENUMBER_TAG Alt. phone: Ken Schykulski PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG 
29105.txt	To Supply and Deliver Four (4) each Propane Powered Ice Rink Resurfacers To Supply and Deliver Four (4) each Propane Powered Ice Rink Resurfacer's to the City of Ottawa. The four (4) each ice rink resurfacer's, briefly described above, shall be in accordance with the specifications, terms and conditions of the Request for Tender contained herein.  The Four (4) each Ice Rink Resurfacer's required, and as briefly described within, will be delivered fully operational and ready for their intended immediate use. The delivery address for the equipment shall be to one (1) location only within the geographical boundaries of the City of Ottawa.  The City of Ottawa intends to award in whole to the lowest responsive bidder meeting and/or exceeding tender specifications contained herein and deemed to be in the best interest of the City of Ottawa.  Period of Contract: The initial period of contract shall be from date of award of contract to completion of full delivery and acceptance of the equipment as described and required. The initial warranty period(s) of contract shall begin upon the full delivery and the in-service date of the equipment required and shall also be extended to and include a) the full product warranty period, b) any additional optional warranty extension period(s) exercised by the purchaser and c) any additional and/or applicable manufacturer product warranty(ies) not received at time of purchase.  FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:  John Jacklin  Purchasing Officer Supply Branch Tel: PHONENUMBER_TAG Ext: 23513. Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG The bid document MUST be received NO LATER than 3:00 p.m. local time,  THURSDAY, 27TH DAY OF OCTOBER 2011 at the following location: CITY OF OTTAWA SUPPLY BRANCH 100 CONSTELLATION CRESCENT, 4TH FLOOR, WEST TOWER, NEPEAN, ONTARIO POSTALCODE_TAG The Procurement of goods specified in this bid document is subject to the provisions of the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) and the Ontario-Quebec Procurement Agreement (OQPA). All information submitted in response to this RFT is subject to the provisions of the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
31188.txt	Fire Alarm System Upgrades - Installation - Multiple Facilities Saskatoon Health Region is requesting proposals from contractors for the installation of Fire Alarm System equipment for the upgrading of Fire Alarm Systems in multiple facilities. 
34498.txt	C-BAND GROUND ENTRY SITE Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (PWGSC) Paper Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: LETTER OF INTEREST (LOI) C - BAND GROUND ENTRY SITE (GES) FOR THE INTELLIGENCE, SURVEILLANCE, RECONNAISSANCE (ISR) PORTION OF THE AIR FORCE TACTICAL INTEGRATED COMMAND CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS PROJECT (TIC3 (AIR) PROJECT) The objectives of this Letter of Interest (LOI) are to solicit industry participation based on the Technical Requirements of C - Band Ground Entry Sites (GESs). The Department of National Defence requests Industry to provide information on their current C - Band ground based receiver capability and demonstrate how it meets the Technical Requirements stated in paragraph 2. 1. BACKGROUND 1.1 Various Department of National Defence (DND) aircraft are currently capable of transmitting data in the C - Band; however, there is very limited ground based capability to receive, transmit and to distribute this data. The ISR portion of the TIC3 (Air) project will address this shortfall by fielding both deployable and fixed GESs throughout Canada for the reception, transmission and distribution of ISR data. 2. Technical Requirements (TR) 2.1 The Department of National Defence is seeking responses from industry that address the technical requirements listed below. The TRs include mandatory and optional requirements. Optional requirements include items that could appear as rated requirements in future procurements. For the purposes of an LOI all of the TRs are written in the mandatory form ("shall"). Vendors are requested to indicate which TRs they can meet. 2.2 This LOI is based on the desire to receive signals from C-Band transmitters currently fitted in DND aircraft. C - Band is defined as the 4.40 to 5.85 GHz, however it is recognized that different equipment may operate in different portions of this band. Baseband signals may be analog or digital. TRs that are only applicable to one of these domains are so noted. 2.2.1 Technical Requirements (TR): Vendors are requested to demonstrate the capability of their systems to meet the following requirements. Vendors are also requested to provide comments on TRs that are unclear or unrealistic. The C - Band GES: 2.2.1.2 Receive Functions [TR 1] Shall be capable of receiving transmissions from air platforms; [TR 2] Shall be capable of receiving analog transmissions from an airborne transmitter at a range of 50km or farther; [TR 3] Shall be capable of receiving analog transmissions from an airborne transmitter at a range of 200km or farther; [TR 4] Shall be capable of receiving digital CMDL Tactical Waveform transmissions from an airborne transmitter at a range f 50km or farther; [TR 5] Shall be capable of receiving digital ROVER 466 Waveform transmissions from an airborne transmitter at a range of 50km or farther; [TR 6] Shall be capable of receiving digital CMDL COFDM (DVB-T) Waveform Transmissions from an airborne transmitter at a range of 50km or farther; [TR 7] Shall be capable of receiving digital CMDL Tactical Waveform transmissions from an airborne transmitter at a range f 200km or farther; [TR 8] Shall be capable of receiving digital ROVER 466 Waveform transmissions from an airborne transmitter at a range of 200km r farther; [TR 9] Shall be capable of receiving digital CMDL COFDM (DVB-T) Waveform Transmissions from an airborne transmitter at a range of 200km r farther; 2.2.1.2 Transmit Functions [TR 10] Shall be capable of transmitting to air platforms; [TR 11] Shall be capable of transmitting analog waveforms to air platforms at a range of 50km or farther; [TR 12] Shall be capable of transmitting analog waveforms to air platforms at a range of 200km or farther; [TR 13] Shall be capable of transmitting a digital CMDL Tactical Waveform signal to an airborne receiver at a range of 50km or farther; [TR 14] Shall be capable of transmitting a digital ROVER 466 Waveform signal to an airborne receiver at a range of 50km or farther; [TR 15] Shall be capable of transmitting a digital CMDL COFDM (DVB-T) Waveform signal to an airborne receiver at a range of 50km or farther; [TR 16] Shall be capable of transmitting a digital CMDL Tactical signal transmissions to an airborne receiver at a range of 200km r farther; [TR 17] Shall be capable of transmitting a digital ROVER 466 Waveform transmissions to an airborne receiver at a range of 200km or farther; [TR 18] Shall be capable of transmitting a digital CMDL COFDM (DVB-T) Waveform Transmissions to an airborne receiver at a range of 200km or farther; 2.2.1.3 Common Receive and Transmit Functions [TR 19] [Digital] Shall be capable of receiving and transmitting NATO STANAG 4609 format streaming video at data rates of 3Mbps and below; [TR 20] [Digital] Shall be capable of receiving and transmitting NATO STANAG 4609 format streaming video at data rates above 3Mbps; [TR 21] Shall support the transmission and reception of Type 1 encrypted data; [TR 22] Shall support the transmission and reception of Type 2 encrypted data; 2.2.1.4 Data Distribution Functions [TR 23] Shall be capable of distributing data to Internet Protocol (IP) networks; [TR 24] Shall be capable of receiving data from Internet Protocol (IP) networks; 2.2.1.5 Lockheed Martin Video Down Link (VDL) Functions [TR 25] [Analog] Shall be interoperable with Lockheed Martin Video Down Link fitted to the Lockheed Martin Sniper Advanced Targeting Pod (ATP) in the C - Band; [TR 26] [Analog] Shall be capable of receiving and demodulating the VDL NTSC Analog video signal with a FM subcarrier. 2.2.1.6 CMDL Functions [TR 27] Shall be interoperable with L 3 Communication System-West Compact Multi-band Data Link (CMDL) in the C - Band; [TR 28] [Digital] Shall be capable of receiving and demodulating CMDL Tactical Waveform; [TR 29] Shall be capable of receiving and demodulating the ROVER 466 Waveform [TR 30] [Analog] Shall be capable of receiving and demodulating the CMDL FM Analog Waveform; [TR 31] [Digital] Shall be capable of receiving and demodulating the CMDL COFDM (DVB-T) Waveform; 2.2.1.7 Physical Requirements [TR 32] Shall not have any component exceed 3 feet in length; [TR 33] Shall not have any component exceed 3 feet in width; [TR 34] Shall not have any component exceed 6 feet in height; [TR 35] Shall have a gross weight of less than 250 pounds; and [TR 36] Shall be capable of being setup by a team of two individuals within 30 minutes. 2.2.2 Vendors are requested to provide details on their C - Band Ground Entry Sites that are compliant to the specifications above. For purposes of conducting link budget analyses to determine compliance with certain TRs assume that the airborne system has a transmitter with an EIRP of 47dBm. DND requests that vendors submit link budgets showing compliance with TRs 2 through 9 and TRs 11 through 18. 2.2.3. Cost: It is requested that industry provide costing by Rough Order of Magnitude for goods and or services proposed for their GES solutions for quantity 5 and quantity 30 GESs. 2.2.4 Cost: Vendors are requested to submit a recommended spare parts list with parts cost. 2.2.5. Vendors are requested to provide details of any regulations such as International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or Canadian Controlled Goods that can affect the sale of their C - Band GES. 3. TECHNOLOGY READINESS LEVEL (TRL) 3.1 At the time of the response to the LOI, the proposed system must have achieved a Technology Readiness Level of 7 or higher. TRL 7 is defined as: Prototype near or at planned operational system. Represents a major step up from TRL 6, requiring the demonstration of an actual system prototype in an operational environment, such as in an aircraft, vehicle or space. Examples include testing the prototype in a test bed aircraft. A complete list of NATO TRLs is available at URL_TAG Vendors are requested to provide information that demonstrates that such a TRL has been achieved. 4. NOTE TO INTERESTED VENDORS 4.1 This is not a bid solicitation and a contract will not result from it. 4.2 Requirements are subject to change, based on the creation of the Statement of Work (SOW), which could include information provided in response to this LOI. Respondents are advised that any information submitted to Canada in response to this LOI may, r may not be used by Canada in the development of a subsequent competitive RFP. 4.3 The issuance of this LOI does not create an obligation for Canada to issue a subsequent RFP, and does not bind Canada legally or otherwise, to enter into any agreement or to accept r reject any suggestions. 4.4 Respondents to this LOI should identify any submitted information that is to be considered as either company confidential or proprietary. 5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 5.1 It is the intent that any intellectual property arising from the performance of the work under any resultant contract will vest in Canada, in accordance with General Conditions 2040, Supplemental General Conditions 4007 ("Canada to Own Intellectual Property Rights in Foreground Information") and General Conditions - Modifications K3410C ("Canada to Own Intellectual Property Rights in Foreground Information"). These can be viewed at the following website address: URL_TAG 6. INQUIRIES 6.1 All inquiries and other communications related to this LOI shall be directed exclusively to the PWGSC Contract Authority. 7. FORMAT OF RESPONSES 7.1 Vendors are requested to submit 2 hard copies and 1 electronic copy using Standard Microsoft Office Suite software.  8. CLOSING DATE 8.1 Responses to this LOI should be submitted directly to the PWGSC Contract Authority on or before close of business 20 January 2012. 9. CONTRACT AUTHORITY PWGSC Acquisitions Branch Defence Communications Division - QD 11 Laurier Street (Place du Portage, Phase III) Ottawa, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG ATTN: Pamela Bailey, Supply Specialist TEL: 819-956-3470 FAX: 819-956-0636 E-mail: EMAIL_TAG C-BAND GROUND ENTRY SITE Amendment 001 This amendment is raised to answer questions from vendors, French translation available upon request; Question 1: Are you interested in Airborne Receive capability as well. Answer 1: The Department of National Defence is not interested in Airborne Receive capability. Question 2: The special waveform transmissions that you are asking for - CMDL,ROVER466,CMDL COFDM(DVB-T) and STANAG 4609 are standard specifications on L-3 and HARRIS Corporation made equipment. OUR company produces Solid State Power amplifiers that operate with these wave forms. Do you have funding to develop a Canadian designed and build Waveform Generating and Decoding equipment or you envision a program, where we will purchase a US based VORTEX r similar type transceiver and integrate into a Canadian made system ( antenna, power supply, SSPA, etc). Answer 2: The Department of National Defence is seeking Commercial Off the Shelf (COTS) equipment at or above TRL 7 as stated in para 3 f the LOI. Question 3: Is this how you envision the foreground intellectual property content. Answer 3: Same as answer 2. Question 4: What is the allocated budget for the project and what is the time frame. Answer 4: This is an information gathering exercise, there is no allocated budget at this time. Question 5: This request is for C-Band Ground Entry Site. AS C-Band (non-Satcom) is sometimes used for specialized communications with some DND aircraft, could the request be more specific as to what types of aircraft devices/pods are C-Band transmit/receive communications required with? Answer 5: One aircraft is the CF 18 Hornet which has the Sniper Advanced Targeting Pod, for which communications are required. The other is the Sea King helicopter which has the CMDL modem, for which communications are required. Question 6: Can we assume that the requirement is for a mobile (transportable) and fixed reception/transmitting ground stations? Answer 6: Mobile: Mobile is not the same as transportable. Mobile means transmitting/receiving while on the move. DND requests that responders include additional information addressing mobile capabilities if applicable. Transportable: It is the intent that the Receiver-Transmitters be transportable. The requirements for transportability are contained in the Physical Requirements section of the LOI. Fixed: it is likely that some installations will be at fixed locations. DND request that vendors indicate what equipment they have that is intended for fixed (permanent) installations. Question 7: Can you confirm that the requirements include a system which contains antenna, tracking, positioner (pedestal) and controller, that enable transmission and reception of the signals/data in the C-Band as detailed in this LOI? Answer 7: The intent is to understand the availability of a complete system which would include items such as antenna, tracking, positioner (pedestal) and controller. Such a complete system would be connected to DND networks for data exchange. It is assumed that the data exchange interface would be at the Layer 3 IP layer. Question 8: Since the signals/data transmission is from/to aircraft, can you provide more information about the required velocity of the antenna in deg/sec units, in order to enable continues reception and transmission? Answer 8: The Department of National Defence (DND) is not able to provide performance in terms of tracking velocity in deg/sec. However, the ground segment is intended to communicate with both current and future DND airborne platforms. The current platforms include the CF188, CH-146 and CP-140. Thus the current maximum performance requirements would be based n maintaining communications with the CF-188 (the performance f the CF188 being approx Mach 1.8). Question 9: Can you include information about Limit-to Limit travel? Any issues or requirements for transmit/receive through 90degrees elevation (zenith)? Answer 9: Assume limit to limit travel is with respect to a tracking antenna. The most flexible and therefore desirable solution would operate with ground station to aircraft bearings of the entire 360 degrees without limits. Similarly elevation would be 0 to 90 degrees although some might go past 90 degree to reduce gimbal lock issues. Question 10: Information about receive sensitivity? Answer 10: We are looking for an antenna that can give us a gain of better than 3 dBi up to 33 dBi that is circularly polarized and can receive a signal from a moving aircraft. Question 11: With respect to the physical requirements, can we assume that the limitations on the dimensions are for the components of the disassembled system? Any limit or requirement for the antenna dish diameter when it is assembled? Answer 11: Intent of size limits is transportability therefore the limitations on the dimensions are with respect to dissembled system. For the purposes of this LOI there are no limits on the dish size when it is assembled. Question 12: Can you include environmental requirements for both operational and storage? Answer 12: Such requirements would depend on the kit being: -Mobile -Transportable -Static However outdoor units on all of them should be functional down to -55C and to 45C. Typically storage limits are wider. Question 13: Any requirements for transportation cases? Answer 13: The cases should be ruggedized transport cases. C-BAND GROUND ENTRY SITE Amendment 002 This amendment is raised to request further information from Industry with regard to a previous question, French translation available upon request; Question 8: Since the signals/data transmission is from/to aircraft, can you provide more information about the required velocity of the antenna in deg/sec units, in order to enable continues reception and transmission? Answer 8: The Department of National Defence (DND) is not able to provide performance in terms of tracking velocity in deg/sec. However, the ground segment is intended to communicate with both current and future DND airborne platforms. The current platforms include the CF188, CH-146 and CP-140. Thus the current maximum performance requirements would be based n maintaining communications with the CF-188 (the performance f the CF188 being approx Mach 1.8). As part of the answer to question 8, DND adds the following: The Department of National Defence seeks Industry's suggestion as to what the tracking (angular) velocity of the antenna should be. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Bailey, Pamela 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier Place du Portage, Phase III, 8C2 Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37223.txt	DUAL-VIEW MONITORS/KEYBOARDS/TRACKBALLS Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exclusive Rights Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: S.M.I. Support Measures Inc. 2650 Queensview Drive Suite 255 Ottawa Ontario Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Nature of Requirements: DUAL-VIEW MONITORS/KEYBOARDS/TRACKBALLS FOR THE NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL (NRC) 31184-118784/A Roy-Laflèche, Johanne Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG BACKGROUND Over the last eight years, NRC-CSTT has been closely involved with the Department of National Defence (DND) in developing a complex hardware architecture supporting a custom designed software application. This combination of hardware and software linked to sophisticated peripherals provides DND a critical Electronic Warfare (EW) system capability employed in support of current operations. At the core of the system are servers and monitor displays mounted into a standard 19 inch electronic equipment rack, controlling and managing the large amount of critical information. This system is then installed in light armoured vehicles (EW-Bison), deployable shelters, and modular transit containers (EW-Portables). A new upgrade to the hardware architecture requires a dual-view, liquid crystal display (LCD) monitor/keyboard/trackball integrated into one unit which can be mounted in the standard 19 inch rack. This integrated unit must have an operational and stowed mode, and while not a ruggedized unit must be able to survive the harsh environment of military vehicles and deployed command posts. REQUIREMENT Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) on behalf of its Client, National Research Council Canada (NRC) intends to enter into a sole-source contract with their current supplier, S.M.I. Support Measures Inc, of Ottawa, Ontario, for the purpose f procuring additional dual-view monitors/keyboards/trackballs with mounting brackets be used in the EW Bison fleet and the EW Portables. SPECIFICATIONS 1. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS 1.1. Each monitor must have a viewing area that measures 19 inches from a corner to the diagonally opposing corner. 1.2. When in operational mode the dimensions of the entire unit must not exceed the following: the height must not exceed 28 inches, the width must not exceed 19 inches, and the distance from the front of the rack face must be 18 inches or less. 1.3. When in operational mode, the monitors must lie one above the other; oriented in a landscape mode (width greater than height). 1.4. When in stowed mode the dimensions of the entire unit must not exceed the following: the height must not exceed 3 inches (2U of rack space), the width must not exceed 19 inches, and the unit must not occupy more than 25 inches of rack depth. 1.5. In moving between the stowed and operational modes, the unit must not have to extend more than 22" in front of the rack. 1.6. The weight of the self-contained unit, including sliders and mounting hardware, must not exceed 50 lbs. 1.7. When stowed, the unit must be able to be secured to the rack with thumb screws from the front of the unit and the screens must be locked in place to prevent the unit from exceeding a stowed height of 3 inches as a result of movement r vibration. 1.8. The unit must be fitted with sliders which are rack mountable with adjustable mounts to accommodate rack depths from 23 to 28 inches. 1.9. The unit must include a cable management swing arm which mounts to the unit and the sliders to control cables when being moved between stowed and operational modes. The proper use f this swing arm will prevent all cable binding, stretching, and crimping for those cables attached to the unit. 1.10. Sliders must allow the unit to freely and smoothly move from operational to stowed mode and vice-versa. 1.11. The unit must have a built-in user input system consisting f three mouse buttons and a trackball. 1.12. There must be an LED power indicator light that is clearly visible while in operational mode which indicates that there is power to the unit. 1.13. If the system is in sleep mode, the depressing of any key r movement of the trackball shall reactivate both screens. 1.14. The unit shall include a built in KVM switch with buttons accessible to the operator (while in operation) to allow one f the screens quick switching between three or more connections. 2. INPUT/OUTPUT CONNECTION REQUIREMENTS 2.1. All input/output connections for the unit (power/data) must consist of standard bulkhead connections only, allowing the end user to attach cables of various lengths. No cables can be hardwired into the unit. 2.2. The unit must have dual Digital Visual Interface (DVI) connections (out) for the LCD monitor video connections. 2.3. The unit must have a separate PS-2 type, female connection (out) for keyboard signals. 2.4. The unit must have a separate PS-2 female connection (out) for the trackball signals. 2.5. The unit must come with North American industry standard 110V power connections. 3. LCD DISPLAY REQUIREMENTS 3.1. The resolution of the unit must be adjustable to 1280 x 1024. 3.2. The displayable colors of the unit must be 16.7M. 4. ENVIRONMENTAL REQUIREMENTS 4.1. The unit must be able to operate in areas where the ambient temperature is between 0degrees C and 50degrees C. 4.2. The unit must be able to operate at an altitude of 10 000 feet or higher and must be able to be stored at 30 000 feet or higher. 4.3. The unit must be able to withstand vibration of 10 - 200 Hz at 1.5 G. 4.4. The unit must be able to handle a shock of 50G. 5. REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 5.1. The unit must have an Underwriters Laboratory (UL) or Canadian Standards Association (CSA) safety certification. 5.2. The unit must have a Federal Communications Commission (FCC), Interference-Causing Equipment Standard (ICES), or Conformité Européenne (CE) Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) certification. 6. RELIABILITY 6.1. The unit must have a minimum mean time between failures (MTBF) of 30,000 hours supported through documentation from the supplier. 6.2. The movement of the unit from stowed to deployed mode or deployed to stowed mode shall be simple so that special instructions or training are not required. The unit shall not be susceptible to damage if this procedure is done incorrectly. TRADE AGREEMENT APPLICATION The following trade agreements are applicable to this procurement: The Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT), The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), World Trade Organization- Agreement on Government Procrurement (WTO - AGP) SOLE SOURCE JUSTIFICATION AIT Article 506. 12 Where only one supplier is able to meet the requirements of a procurement, an entity may use procurement procedures that are different from those described in paragraphs 1 through 10 in the following circumstances: (b) where there is an absence of competition for technical reasons and the goods or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no alternative or substitute exists; NAFTA Article 1016: Limited Tendering Procedures. 2. An entity may use limited tendering procedures in the following circumstances and subject to the following conditions, as applicable: (b) where, for works f art, or for reasons connected with the protection of patents, copyrights or other exclusive rights, or proprietary information r where there is an absence of competition for technical reasons, the goods or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no reasonable alternative or substitute exists; WTO Limited Tendering Reason: Article XV (b) when, for works of art or for reasons connected with protection of exclusive rights, such as patents or copyrights, r in the absence of competition for technical reasons, the products or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no reasonable alternative or substitute exists; (d) for additional deliveries by the original supplier that are intended either as parts replacement for existing supplies or installations, or as the extension of existing supplies, services or installations, where a change of supplier would compel the entity to procure equipment or services not meeting requirements of inter changeability with already existing equipment or services. Government Contract Regulations: 6.(d) only one person or firm is capable of performing the contract. Delivery Date: 30 days from the date of the Contract. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Roy-Laflèche, Johanne Computer Hardware Division Div. de l'équipement informatique Place du Portage, Phase III, 4C2 11 Laurier Street/11, rue Laurier Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
31242.txt	Opportunity Description: The Foothills Area will be accepting sealed bids on the following Mountain Cree FireSmart Mitigation Strategy project for mechanical mulching services to remove the re-growth of conifer and deciduous trees, willow, brush, tall grass and residual and woody debris located within the existing right-of-way ditches of Containment Line #1 (Cardinal River Road)
39254.txt	Breakwater Repairs, Hnausa, MB The work under this contract covers: .1 Repairs to the two rubble mound breakwaters. .2 Repairs to the armour protection at the approach to the main wharf. .3 Repairs to the rip-rap on the south breakwater. 
35491.txt	Skid Steer Loader -AB Tourism, Parks and Recreation, Parks Division has a requirement for a Skid Steer, Loader with a Snow Blower attachment. URL_TAG 
39236.txt	Sonar System Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exclusive Rights Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: KONGSBERG MARITIME CANADA LTD. 261 BROWNLOW AVE. DARTMOUTH Nova Scotia Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Nature of Requirements: Sonar System REQUIREMENT: PWGSC intends to enter into a sole-source contract with Kongsberg Maritime Canada Ltd., Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, to supply a Kongsberg Mesotech Ltd. Multibeam M3 Sonar System for Fisheries and Oceans Canada, St. Andrews, NB. The estimated value of the contract is $56,427.00 GST/HST included. The reason for single tendering is: Only one firm is capable of performing the contract. The requisition is for a multi beam sonar system for enhanced research purposes as follows: Herring are normally dispersed throughout the water column in small to medium size schools. Sonars are used to locate these fish and to target fishing gear. However, the newest systems such as the M3 have the capability of quantifying a number of parameters associated with the individuals and schools, and these parameters and position references are made available in a digital format via the scientific output. Research will be conducted on developing methods for calibration methods, estimation of school characteristics, and 3D scaling/visualization of observations. Because of the M3 system's high resolution, it will also be used to monitor fish-like targets near submerged structures such as tidal power turbines. The procurement of the M3 Sonar will enable the research to proceed and enhance the capabilities of this state f the art sonar for all users. This is state of the art technology just being made available to the scientific community. Kongsberg Mesotech Ltd. is the only company producing a multi-beam sonar that meets these specifications. Mandatory Criteria: The system must be: A light weight and compact multi-beam sonar with a functional range of 100m. 120degrees field of view (horizontal) adjustable vertical coverage up to 30degrees 500 m depth rating for sonar head Operating Frequency of 500kHz, Bandwidth 100kHz 256 beams Bearing Resolution: 1.8degrees Update rate: up to 40 Hz PC or laptop driven Data storage of beamformed data. EIQ and navigation modes. This requirement is subject to the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT), North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA); however, limited tendering reasons are applicable in accordance with the following: GCR - Section 6 (d) of the Government Contract Regulations is being invoked in this procurement as only one person or firm is capable of performing the contract. AIT - Article 506.12(b) of AIT is applicable on the basis of limited tendering due to where there is an absence of competition for technical reasons and the goods or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no alternative or substitute exists. NAFTA - Article 1016.2 (b) of NAFTA is applicable on the basis f limited tendering due to where for works of art or for reasons connected with the protection of patents, copyrights or ther exclusive rights, or proprietary information or where there is an absence of competition for technical reasons, the goods or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no reasonable alternative or substitute exists. Delivery: Prior to March 31, 2012 This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages of Canada. Delivery Date: 30/03/2012 You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Reddin, Pat 1045 Main Street 1st Floor, Lobby C Unit 108 Moncton, NB POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
39241.txt	Opportunity Description: The goal of this prequalification is to develop a list of Prime Contractors for tendering purposes, who meet the minimum standards to be considered for City of Calgary construction work, according to work category. The four elements of compliance are 1) Commercial, 2) Safety, 3) Environmental and 4) Technical. This document will provide prequalification for the following types of work:  Infrastructure, Roadworks and Earthworks Bridgework  Facilities/Buildings Construction & Repair  Traffic Signal Construction  Streetlight Construction  Waste & Recycling Services  Landscape Construction & Maintenance  Irrigation Construction & Maintenance  Urban Forestry Construction & Maintenance (Arboricultural & Horticultural)  Water & Wastewater Construction – Utilities & Facilities   This is an on-going pre-qualification and submissions will be accepted throughout 2012.
39142.txt	Snow-grooming Snowmobile -AB The Purchaser has a requirement for a snow-grooming snowmobile with a wide track. URL_TAG 
30132.txt	Close Circuit Video Equip. (CCVE) Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: If 3+ bids offer Canadian goods/services ther bids will not be considered Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: N/A - P&A/LOI Only Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) SYNOPSIS The Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) is intending to post a requirement for the supply and installation of digital video surveillance monitoring and recording systems in RCMP locations across British Columbia. In anticipation of this requirement and future requirements the RCMP would like to evaluate and test secure vandal proof dome style (preferred) cameras that would be required for in-cell use. This will allow bidders on such future requirements to propose equipment that has already been evaluated and approved. 1. RFI PURPOSE AND PROCEDURES 1.1 Purpose of RFI This RFI is not a bid solicitation. It will not result in the award of any contract or standing offer or in the creation of a source list of suppliers. Canada has no obligation to procure any goods or services based on the results of this RFI. Therefore, suppliers submitting any products or information in response to this RFI should not earmark stock or facilities or allocate resources as a result of any information contained in this RFI. Not responding to this RFI will not preclude any supplier from participating in any future procurement. The purposes of this RFI are: a) to identify digital video surveillance monitoring and recording systems for in-cell use (the "products") which comply with RFI specifications; b) to provide industry sufficient time to submit products for RCMP testing and approval in advance of possible future requirements in British Columbia; and c) to inform future RCMP requirements for the products by soliciting comments or concerns from industry about the specifications, based on their knowledge of equipment that is currently available in this sector of the market. 1.2 Format of Submissions Suppliers are requested to submit a product or products meeting the specifications detailed in Articles 2 and 3 of this RFI, along with documentation substantiating the product's compliance to the specifications. If a supplier is a reseller of, or a service provider for, a manufacturer's product, they should contact the manufacturer to determine whether or not the product has already been submitted for testing. 1.3 Treatment of Submissions a) Use of Submissions: As this is not a bid solicitation, submissions will not be evaluated for the purpose of awarding a contract. Canada requests that all submissions be submitted by October 18, 2011. Canada may, however, evaluate submissions received after that date. b) Review Team: Canada's review team will be composed of representatives from Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) and Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP). Canada reserves the right to hire any independent consultant, or use any Government resources, which it deems necessary to evaluate any submission. Not all members of the review team will necessarily review all submissions. c) Confidentiality: Suppliers should mark any portions of their submissions that they consider proprietary or confidential. Canada will treat those portions of the responses as confidential to the extent permitted by the Access to Information Act. d) Follow-up Activity: Canada may, in its discretion, contact suppliers to follow up with additional questions or for clarification of any aspect of a submission. 1.4 Contents of this RFI This RFI contains background, technical and testing information. Suppliers are invited to provide any comments, concerns and, where applicable, recommendations on how the product is described in this RFI. It is requested that any comments of this type be forwarded to the RFI Authority named below by email in advance of October 7, 2011. 1.5 Enquiries Because this is not a bid solicitation, Canada may not respond to enquiries. However, suppliers may direct any questions regarding this RFI to: RFI Authority: Al Takasaki E-mail Address: EMAIL_TAG Telephone: 604-775-7605 Facsimile: 604-775-7526 1.6 Submissions Time and Place for Submissions: Suppliers should deliver their submissions directly to the RFI Authority by the time and date indicated on page 1 of this RFI. Submissions will be opened, reviewed and forwarded to the RCMP as they are received. Follow-up questions by Canada may be made to suppliers at any time after the receipt of the submission. . Any questions about submissions should be directed to the RFI Authority named above. 1.7 Submission Content Submissions should include, but not necessarily be limited to, the following: a) Company name, address, contact name and telephone number, facsimile number and email address; b) the dome camera, recommended lens that provides the wide angle view greater than 91 degrees in the vertical viewing plane and all necessary accessories; c) manufacturer and model number of the proposed product; d) detailed information, about the camera and lens, accessories and software to support compliance with RFI specifications; e) all specifications (data sheets); f) all documentation such as manuals and instructions; g) software, if necessary for evaluation and testing; h) list of all items included in the submission. 1.8 Ownership of Products and Information A supplier will retain ownership of products and information submitted to Canada pursuant to this RFI unless it provides explicit written transfer of ownership to Canada with its submission. At the completion of evaluation and testing, Canada will return products and information to suppliers, at Canada's cost, subject to explicit written transfer of ownership from a supplier in its submission. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights and License to Use A supplier retains all intellectual property rights to products and information submitted to Canada pursuant to this RFI unless it provides explicit written transfer of such intellectual property rights to Canada with its submission. In submitting products and information to Canada pursuant to this RFI, a supplier provides to Canada a license for Canada to use the products and information for evaluation and testing purposes. 1.10 Submissions - Ship to Address All submissions and their contents will be verified by PWGSC and then forwarded to the RCMP for evaluation and testing. Ship-to address Public Works and Government Service Canada Suite 641, 800 Burrard Street Vancouver, BC Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Attention: Alan Takasaki CONFIDENTIAL  TO OPENED BY ADDRESSEE ONLY. 1.11 Submission Costs a) Canada will not reimburse suppliers for expenses incurred in responding to this RFI or for the products and information submitted to Canada for evaluation and testing. b) Canada will pay for the shipping cost to return products and information to suppliers after evaluation and testing, unless wnership has transferred to Canada in accordance with Sub-article 1.8. 1.12 Product Evaluation and Testing Product evaluation and testing will be performed by the RCMP. Canada may seek clarification or verification from suppliers regarding any product or information submitted by them. The RCMP are under no obligation to test submitted products that, during evaluation, fail to meet the specifications detailed in Article 2 – PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS. 1.13 Product Return Condition The products returned to suppliers pursuant to Sub-article 3.3 may have undergone potentially destructive testing and therefore may not be returned in the same condition as submitted. 1.14 Product Testing Results a) For approved products, a notice of approval from the RCMP will be issued to suppliers from PWGSC. b) For products which have not been approved by the RCMP, an email will be issued to suppliers by PWGSC stating the item is not approved for use in RCMP cells. c) Products that have been approved will be added to the list of "Approved" products for in-cell use. d) PWGSC will provide more detailed individual test results to suppliers upon written request. e) After the completion of evaluation and testing, the RCMP may, but is under no obligation to, discuss product improvements with the manufacturer of the products submitted by a supplier if requested in writing by the supplier.. 2 PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS: Canada requests submission of secure, vandal proof dome style cameras for evaluation and testing. Dome style IP based digital video cameras and dome style NTSC analog video cameras are preferred. Unique designs which are not dome style may be considered if they can be corner mounted and meet all other requirements. 2.1 All products submitted for evaluation and testing should meet or exceed the following specifications: · The camera and lens combinations should provide a wide angle f view greater than 91 degrees in the vertical viewing plane · The camera should be: Color capable; Vandal and impact resistant; Use security type fasteners; Designed with a non-grip shape; Free of voids to reduce concealment of contraband; Water resistant. 2.1.1 IP Digital video cameras should meet following additional specifications: Have H.264 compression; Be Video Motion Detection capable; Have back focus adjustment; Have a CS format lens mount; Support up to 30 frames per second; Have minimum VGA resolution or higher; Support Power over Ethernet ("PoE"); Have a Network Interface of 10/100 Mbps; Utilize a web Interface for configuration. 2.1.2 NTSC analog video cameras should meet the following additional specifications: Offer Minimum 480 TVL or better; Utilize a75 ohm BNC Video Interface or unshielded twisted pair; Be powered with 12Volts DC. 3. PRODUCT TESTING CRITERIA 3.1 Testing for in-cell use will include, but will not be limited to, the following: design criteria, material, performance criteria, life and safety and installation method. Products should be designed to sustain abuse, prevent concealment, and to resist vandalism or other rough treatment. 3.2 Self-Harm Resistant Design Products should exhibit the following self-harm resistant design features: a) Design limits concealment of contraband and is free of hanging-points; b) No surface mount conduit; c) Camera is vandal andhigh-impact resistant; d) Camera is tamper resistant; e) Camera resists cracking, denting, or deforming upon impact; f) Design is flush with mounted surface to reduce the need for security sealants or caulk to prevent concealment of contraband. 3.3 Hammer Test Standard, (if necessary) Suppliers should provide the manufacturer's test result to theIEC 60068-2-75 or "equivalent". If the above report is not provided or not satisfactory, the product will be subject to an impact test based on the IEC standard 60068-2-75, i.e. subject to energy of 50 Joules (by dropping a 10 kg ball on it from a height of 0.5 meters). After such impact testing, the product should evidence: a) No effect on overall video quality; b) No visible safety issues; c) No visible cracks on the camera structure internally or externally; d) No impairment of movable parts; e) Easy manual restoration of aim and focus, if affected. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Takasaki, Alan H. 800 Burrard Street, 12th Floor 800, rue Burrard, 12e etage Vancouver, BC POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
30429.txt	Contracted Airborne Training Services (CATS) Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: If 3+ bids offer Canadian goods/services ther bids will not be considered Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: THIS SOLICITATION IS SUBJECT TO SECURITY REQUIREMENTS, THE CONTROLLED GOODS PROGRAM AND THE NATIONAL SECURITY EXCEPTION OBJECTIVE The objective of the CATS procurement is to establish a Task Authorization Contract by May 2012 for a duration of ten (10) years from the date of contract award with two (2) irrevocable ptions to extend the contract for one (1) additional five (5) year period and a second additional period of up to four (4) years. The total contract period is not to extend beyond March 31, 2031. SECURITY REQUIREMENTS: Bidders must hold a valid Designated Organization Screening (DOS) at the level of SECRET with approved documents safeguarding and Communications-Electronic Security (COMSEC) at the level of SECRET issued by the Canadian Industrial Security Directorate (CISD) of PWGSC at Initial Operational Capability (IOC), 18 months following contract award. IOC is the ability to effectively employ a delivered capability for which the required infrastructure, training, staffing and support is partially in place. Personnel who require access to classified information/assets or sensitive work sites shall be a citizen of a NATO member country and hold a valid personnel security at the level of SECRET. Details on how to apply under Industrial Security Program are available at: URL_TAG NATIONAL SECURITY EXCEPTION (NSE) Due to the sensitive nature of this procurement, this requirement falls under a National Security Exception (NSE) and, as a result, is exempt from all trade agreements. This procurement remains, governed by the Government Contract Regulations. CONTROLLED GOODS PROGRAM: Bidders are advised that within Canada only persons who are registered, exempt or excluded under the Controlled Goods Program (CGP) are lawfully entitled to examine, possess or transfer controlled goods. The resulting contract will require access to controlled goods subject to the Defence Production Act, R.S. 1985, c. D-1. In addition, the Interface Control Documentation (ICD), which will assist Bidders in preparing their proposals, is subject to the CGP. To obtain the Interface Control Documentation, Bidders must contact the PWGSC Contracting Authority and provide satisfactory proof that the Bidder and the Bidder's representatives are registered, exempt, r excluded under the CGP. Bidders can register for the CGP at URL_TAG BIDDERS CONFERENCE A bidders' conference will be held on 30 August 2011 in Ottawa, Ontario. Please note that attendance is optional and suppliers that do not attend are not precluded from submitting a bid. Detailed information regarding the Bidders Conference is provided in clause 2.6 of Volume 1, Instructions to Bidders. SCOPE The Department of National Defence (DND) has a requirement for the provision of Combat Support (CS) training services to the Canadian Navy, Army and Air Force. This Project is known as the Contracted Airborne Training Services (CATS) Project. The majority of services will be provided in the following locations across Canada: Victoria, BC; Cold Lake, AB; Bagotville, QC; and Halifax, NS. Additionally, CS services may ccur outside of Canada, including but not limited to Mexico and the United States. CS training services will provide the following mission categories: Target Support: Target Support (TS) missions provide representative adversary airborne targets for the purpose of perator training and weapon systems validation in the areas of detection, tracking and targeting. Electronic Warfare: Electronic Warfare (EW) missions train land, maritime and air forces in the operation of their systems in a live-fly electromagnetic environment using Electronic Attack (EA), electronic Protection (EP) and Electronic Counter Measures (ECM). Target Tow: Target Tow (TT) missions provide training to radar, electro-optical and infrared-guided weapons system operators in an actual live fire environment. CATS mission categories of TS, EW and TT are partitioned into mission sub-categories to address the extensive scope of CS training requirements. Full details may be found in the solicitation document. ESTIMATED ANNUAL ON STATION HOURS The estimated on station hours are 2,500 to 3,500 per year. On Station Hours is the difference between the time at the initial point (IP) and the time at the end exercise point (EEP). EEP is the point after which the aircraft can no longer be expected to tactically manoeuvre. INDUSTRIAL AND REGIONAL BENEFITS It is mandatory that the CATS contractor provide Industrial and Regional Benefits (IRB) equivalent to 100% of the contracted value of the CATS project. The IRB Policy leverages defence and security procurements to provide industrial and regional development in Canada. Bidders will be responsible to demonstrate how their proposals will contribute to the continuing viability of Canada's high technology manufacturing and services industry. Each bidder's proposal must include the following: Commitment to 100% of their bid price in IRB; Acceptance of the IRB Terms and Conditions; Identification of 30% of the contract value in IRB Transactions; Commitment to 50% in IRB Transactions in the aerospace and defence sectors; Commitment to 15% in IRB Transactions with Small and Medium Sized Enterprises; and Regional Development Plan, Small Business Plan, IRB Management Plan and Company Business Plan.  Further information on the IRB Policy can be found at URL_TAG PROCUREMENT PROCESS ESTIMATED TIMELINE The estimated timeline for the CATS procurement is as follows: Bidders Conference: August 2011 RFP Closing Date: November 2011 Evaluation Period: November 2011 to January 2012 Treasury Board Approval: April 2012 Contract Award: May 2012 COMMUNICATION To ensure the integrity of the Solicitation process, enquiries and other communications regarding this Solicitation are to be strictly directed to the individual named on page one (1) of the NPP. Enquiries and other communications are NOT to be directed to any other government official(s). ll communications regarding this Solicitation must be submitted in writing (fax or email would be acceptable) to the Contracting Authority at the following address: Contracted Airborne Training Services (CATS) Project Services and Specialized Acquisitions Management Services Department of Public Works and Government Services Canada 1 Nicholas Street, Suite 215 Ottawa, Ontario, POSTALCODE_TAG Attention: Lucie Laliberté Email: EMAIL_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Laliberté, Lucie 1 Nicholas Street/1, rue Nicolas Suite 215/Suite 215 Ottawa Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
30187.txt	LEATHER, CATTLEHIDE Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: If 3+ bids offer Canadian goods/services ther bids will not be considered Attachment: YES (PWGSC) Paper Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Amendment No. 005 is raised to advise that the bid closing date is extended from November 22, 2011 to November 25, 2011.  Amendment No. 004 is raised to advise that the sealed patterns can also be viewed at the Public Works and Government Services Canada Halifax , NS office.  Amendment No. 003 is raised to advise that the bid closing date is extended from November 1, 2011 to November 22, 2011.  Amendment No. 002 is raised to advise that the bid closing date is extended from Octobre 11, 2011 to November 1, 2011.  Amendment No. 001 is raised to revise the item description for Item 002 as follows: Item 2: NSN 8330-21-585-0568 Leather, Cattlehide, Side, Full Top Grain, Chrome Tanned, Vegetable Retanned, Smooth Finish, 4.0 oz, Commercial Grade, 22 square feet and up, Brand Free Sides; Colour: Brown or Natural". The leather must be drum dyed.  Requirement: The Department of National Defence (DND) has a requirement for Leather, Cattlehide for a total firm quantity of 9,500 square feet to be delivered to the Canadian Forces Supply Depots in Edmonton, Alberta and Montreal, Quebec. The items must be manufactured in accordance with the following item description: Item 001: NSN 8330-21-904-9998 Leather, Cattlehide, Black Colour, Lightly Corrected Top Grain, Smooth Finish, Chrome Tanned, Vegetable Retanned, Upholstry Grade, 3.0 oz Minimum Weight, No. 1 Selection, 22 square feet and up, Brand Free Sides. The leather must be drum dyed. Item 002: NSN 8330-21-585-0568 Leather, Cattlehide, Brown or Natural Colour, Side, Full Top Grain, Chrome Tanned, Vegetable Retanned, 4.0 oz Commercial Grade. The leather must be drum dyed. Option: This requirement also includes an option to purchase an additional quantity exercisable for a period of 36 months from the date of contract award. The option may be exercised for a maximum of 9,500 square feet distributed amongst the items and destinations. Technical Data: The sealed patterns shall be available for viewing at the following Public Works and Government Services Canada regional ffices: Montreal, Quebec; Mississauga, Ontario; Edmonton, Alberta; Winnipeg, Manitoba; Vancouver, B.C.; and at DND, Gatineau Quebec. Canadian Content - Conditionally Limited If 3 + bids offer Canadian goods, other bids will not be considered. Enquiries To ensure a response before the bid closing date, all enquiries about this requirement must be submitted in writing and received by the Contracting Authority at least 7 calendar days prior to the bid closing date. E-mail: EMAIL_TAG This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Gravel, Sylvie 11 Laurier St./ 11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
27694.txt	Opportunity Description: Sealed tenders will be received by the undersigned until 2:00:00 P.M., (local time), Friday, October 21, 2011 for the supply of the following:  FIRE TANKER FOR THE FIRE DEPARTMENT  T-51-323-11  Copies of the tender specifications are available from the Alberta Purchasing Connection website at URL_TAG  Address: City of Grande Prairie  1st Floor, City Hall  Courier: 10205 – 98 Street, Grande Prairie, AB POSTALCODE_TAG  Mailing: PO Bag 4000, Grande Prairie, AB POSTALCODE_TAG  Tenders must be submitted on the forms provided. Submissions can be hand delivered, couriered or mailed. The submission must be marked clearly on the outside with the Tender name and number, and Envelope A (Technical) or Envelope B (Price).  The lowest or any tender may not necessarily be accepted. 
29164.txt	MOVING OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE & PERSONAL EFFECTS FROM LABRADOR CITY, NL TO GANDER, NL MOVING OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE & PERSONAL EFFECTS FROM LABRADOR CITY, NL TO GANDER, NL (ATTACHMENT-8 PAGES) THIS PROCUREMENT OPPORTUNITY IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT ON INTERNAL TRADE AND THE ATLANTIC PROCUREMENT AGREEMENT. UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED IN THIS DOCUMENT, PRICES QUOTED SHALL BE FOB DESTINATION. External attachments exist for this tender. If you HAVE NOT received the attachments described in this document, you may log on to URL_TAGent Purchasing Agency at PHONENUMBER_TAG. THIS TENDER WILL BE PUBLICLY OPENED AT: GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY 30 STRAWBERRY MARSH ROAD ST. JOHN'S, NEWFOUNDLAND CANADA POSTALCODE_TAG AT THE TIME AND DATE INDICATED ON THIS DOCUMENT THIS TENDER WILL BE PUBLICLY OPENED AT 9:15 A.M. ON OCTOBER 24, 2011 THE "ATLANTIC PROVINCES STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS" APPLY TO THIS TENDER/RFQ, AND MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY, OR BY WAY OF THE INTERNET AT: WWW.GPA.GOV.NL.CA YOU ARE REQUIRED TO SUPPLY UP TO DATE MATERIAL SAFETY DATA SHEETS - APPLICABLE TO ANYTHING REGULATED UNDER TRANSPORTATION OF DANGEROUS GOODS, OR THE SHIPMENT CANNOT BE ACCEPTED. 336 - PRICES QUOTED SHALL BE IN CANADIAN FUNDS. PRICES QUOTED ARE TO BE EXCLUSIVE OF HST AND GST. EFFECTIVE APRIL 1, 1997, GOVERNMENT WILL NOT BE EXEMPT FROM THE HARMONIZED SALES TAX (H.S.T.) OR THE GOODS AND SERVICES TAX (G.S.T.). APPLICABLE TAXES WILL BE APPLIED AT INVOICING STAGE. DISREGARD TAX COLUMN ON THIS FORM. UNSIGNED TENDERS/RFQ's SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED. UNLESS STATED OTHERWISE IN THE INVITATION, BIDS MUST REMAIN OPEN TO ACCEPTANCE AND ARE IRREVOCABLE FOR A PERIOD OF 90 DAYS AFTER THE INVITATION CLOSING DATE. CONTACT FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT JOAN MOULAND AT PHONENUMBER_TAG. RESPONSES MAY BE RETURNED VIA FAX AT PHONENUMBER_TAG, OR MAY BE RETURNED TO GPA AT THE ADDRESS ABOVE UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED HEREIN. 134 - Facsimile Tender/Quotations Tender or quotation documents submitted by facsimile must be received "in full" at the Government Purchasing Agency by the specified Closing Time. Documents in transmission after the Closing Time will be considered late tenders or quotations.  BEFORE SUBMITTING A TENDER, BIDDERS SHOULD EXAMINE THE TENDER DOCUMENTS AND THE SITE OF PROPOSED WORK AND FULLY INFORM THEMSELVES OF THE EXISTING CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS. NO ALLOWANCE SHALL BE MADE SUBSEQUENTLY IN THIS CONNECTION, ON BEHALF OF THE BIDDER, FOR ANY ERROR OR NEGLIGENCE ON HIS/HER PART. MOVERS REPRESENTATIVES ARE ENCOURAGED TO VIEW THE HOMEOWNER'S CONTENTS PRIOR TO SUBMITTING A BID. A VIEWING SHALL BE HELD AT THE ADDRESS INDICATED BETWEEN THE HOURS OF 12:00 NOON AND 2:00 P.M., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 2011 NO OTHER BRIEFING SESSIONS WILL BE SCHEDULED. CONTACT: PHONE NUMBER PHONENUMBER_TAG MOVE DATE: NOVEMBER 12, 2011; WITH DELIVERY TO GANDER, NL BY NOVEMBER 19, 2011 UPON COMPLETION OF THE MOVE THE COMPANY SHALL SUBMIT TO THE GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY: 1) AN ITEMIZED LIST OF THE GOODS SHIPPED 2) THE ACTUAL WEIGHT OF THE SHIPMENT (WEIGH SCALE TICKET). Line NO: Item NO./Description Quantity / UOM Unit Price Extended Tax 1 Moving of household furniture & personal effects from Labrador City, NL to Gander, Nl, as per the attached specifications (8 pages). Movers required to pack, insure, relocate and unpack. 1 EACH Note: In order to be notified of amendments  to this tender, suppliers must go directly  to the Newfoundland government tendering web site at URL_TAG and register to receive amendments for this tender  document. 
27698.txt	Opportunity Description: EPCOR requires the design, manufacture, factory testing, supply, delivery (Delivered Duty Paid), off-loading at Namao Substation and subsequent installation, placement on foundations and commissioning of 15kV Medium Voltage Switchgear.
39280.txt	SENSOR Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: CAPTEUR W8485-127364/A ARTICLE 1: CAPTEUR NNO: 5905-00-8073629 N/P: 70199-3 NSCM: 73168 Kidde Technologies Inc., NC US QUANTITÉ: 10 Article sera livré à Montréal, Québec. LIVRAISON: 31 mars, 2012. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Godbout, Lyne 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28727.txt	Cleaning Ductwork, Motors, Fans, Grilles etc Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Cleaning Ductwork, Motors, Fans, Grilles and Related Equipment, Various CFB Gagetown Buildings W0105-12E049/A Ellis-Herring , Alison PWB Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG The Department of National Defence (DND), CFB Gagetown, Oromocto, New Brunswick has a requirement for the establishment f a Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO). The work covered under this Standing Offer Agreement comprises the furnishing of all labour, materials, tools and equipment required to conduct cleaning of ductwork, motors, fans, grilles and related equipment in various buildings at CFB Gagetown Base, Oromocto, New Brunswick when requested. All work is to be performed in accordance with the specification for DND Job No. L-G2-9900-1556 forming part of the bid document. The period of the of the Standing Offer will be from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2014. A standing offer is an agreement and not a contract. Offerors should note that there is no guarantee that the full or any amount of the standing offer will be called-up. The estimated cost for this opportunity is within the following cost category: $100,001.00 - $500,000.00 HST included. Bid security is not a requirement for this tender. After issuance of a standing offer, offerors may request a debriefing on the results of the request for standing offers. Offerors should make the request to the Standing Offer Authority within 15 working days of receipt of notification that their ffer was unsuccessful. The debriefing may be provided in writing, by telephone or in person. ENQUIRIES: All enquiries of a technical nature and all questions f a contractual nature, are to be submitted to the Contractual Authority: Alison Ellis-Herring, telephone - PHONENUMBER_TAG, facsimile - PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG Enquiries are to be made in writing and should be received no less than five (5) calendar days prior to the closing date to allow sufficient time to respond. Firms intending to submit tenders on this project should obtain tender documents through the MERX services provider. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the MERX service provider. Firms that elect to base their bids on tender documents obtained from other sources do so at their own risk and will be solely responsible to inform the tender calling authority of their intention to bid. In all cases bidders must indicate in the space provided on the Tender Form the identification number(s) f the addenda, if any, that they have taken into consideration for their bid. Standard terms and conditions for this procurement are incorporated by reference, and form part of the tender and contract documents. The standard documents are issued by Public Works and Government Services Canada and may be viewed on the MERX electronic bulletin board as part of the information module. This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Ellis-Herring , Alison PWB 189 Prince William Street Room 421 Saint John New Bruns POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35462.txt	Kitchen Renovations at Residential Housing Units (RHU's) – Petawawa, Ontario DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – HALPA65 – Kitchen Renovations at Residential Housing Units (RHU's) – Petawawa, Ontario The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment necessary to complete kitchen renovations including removal and replacement of cupboards, counter tops, sinks, drywall, doors and plumbing. Materials containing asbestos are present. For DCC Tender Board Projects, Plans and Specifications (P&S) are picked up at the DCC Site Office located at the following address: Defence Construction Canada 101 Menin Road Building S-111, Room B-104 Petawawa, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG The MERX order confirmation number authorizing the order of Project #HALPA65 must be presented to the DCC Site Office when picking up P&S. THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. A site meeting will be held at the following date, time and location. It is highly recommended that bidders attend this site meeting. Date: December 7, 2011 Time: 09:00 hours, local time Location: DCC Office, 101 Menin Road, Building S111, Room B-104, Petawawa The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $244,300.00. Bidders are advised that bid and contract security is required when the advertised project budget (estimated cost for this opportunity) is greater than $100,000.00. Refer to the Instructions to Tenderers (Form DCL193 (R-07-08)), paragraph 4. This procurement follows tendering procedures in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Agreement on Internal Trade.  The tender closing date is: December 15, 2011  The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time. Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: Public Works and Government Services Canada Bid Receiving  11 Laurier Street Place du Portage, Phase III Main Lobby Core 0A1 Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association and the DCC Site Office in the project area. Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the Bid Opening Office and from the DCC Site at telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG . Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact anyone other than the DCC Contracting Authority to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS -VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG 
39147.txt	Request for Proposals - Fundraising Consultant The purpose of this request for proposal is to retain a fundraising consultant who will - recommend the funding committee structure, a fundraising budget and provide training of committee members - manage the implementation and launch of the campaign - track progress and ensure the campaign remains a priority of the organization - make recommendations to the city regarding any major changes needed to accomplish the financial goals. URL_TAG 
35518.txt	HealthPRO Clinical Specialties - Request for Proposal - Hernia Mesh Contracts Starting June 1, 2012 HealthPRO Procurement Services Inc. Request for Proposal Clinical Specialties CS-01-06-12 Hernia Mesh Contracts Starting June 1, 2012. PLEASE REFER TO THE ASSOCIATED DOCUMENT(S) FOR FURTHER DETAILS - THANK YOU. The posting of public HealthPRO Procurement Services Inc. (HealthPRO) competitive Rfx documents including but not limited to Request for Qualification, Request for Proposal or Advanced Contract Award Notification documents on Alberta Purchasing Connection does not signify that Alberta Health Services (AHS) has or will commit to participate in the posted opportunity. Should AHS choose to participate in the posted opportunity such participation will be subject to existing contracts in place at the time. URL_TAG 
35498.txt	Print Services – City of Ottawa Multi Part Form Tickets and "E-Tickets" Addendum #2 has been issued. Addendum #1 has been issued. Proposal No. 19511-96600-SO2 Print Services – City of Ottawa Multi Part Form Tickets and "E-Tickets" The City of Ottawa, ("City") is requesting the submission of Offers to provide professional Print Production Services for Multi-Part Form tickets and/or Print Management Services for Zebra™ Printers both directly and/or in the case of Zebra™ Technologies, serving as broker for Zebra™ Technologies that will ensure their timely and accurate supply and delivery of E-Tickets.  FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Dan Frate Purchasing Officer Supply Branch Tel: PHONENUMBER_TAG, ext. 25832 Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG The proposal MUST be received NO LATER than 3:00 p.m. local time, Wednesday, 21 December 2011 at the following location: City of Ottawa Supply Branch 100 Constellation Crescent 4th Floor, West Tower Ottawa, ON POSTALCODE_TAG All information submitted in response to this Request for Proposal is subject to the provisions of the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
39184.txt	FUSE,CARTRIDGE Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: W8486-122528/A - FUSE,CARTRIDGE Contracting Authority: Huda Dahir Tel No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Email: EMAIL_TAG Item 001, GSIN:N5920, NSN:5920001725550, FUSE,CARTRIDGE, DESCRIPTION: FUSE,CARTRIDGE BODY STYLE: 2A TUBE TYPE OVERALL LENGTH: 2.250 INCHES NOMINAL OVERALL DIAMETER: 1.406 INCHES NOMINAL CONTINUOUS CURRENT RATING IN AMPS: 15.000 MAXIMUM VOLTAGE RATINGS IN VOLTS: 600.0 AC CIRCUIT OVER-CURRENT INTERRUPTION TYPE: TIME DELAY CIRCUIT OVER-CURRENT INTERRUPTION DELAY TIME IN SECONDS: 10.0 500 PCT OF CURRENT RATING INTERRUPTION INDICATOR METHOD:OPAQUE BODY SHORT-CIRCUIT/INTERRUPT CURRENT RATING IN AMPS: 200000.0 FEATURES PROVIDED: NONRENEWABLE FUSIBLE ELEMENT PART NUMBER: LPJ15SP NSCM: 71400 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 15, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates: Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 002, GSIN:N5920, NSN:5920008230334, FUSE,CARTRIDGE, DESCRIPTION: BODY STYLE: 2A TUBE TYPE OVERALL LENGTH: 1.250 INCHES NOMINAL OVERALL DIAMETER: 0.250 INCHES NOMINAL CONTINUOUS CURRENT RATING IN AMPS: 0.250 MAXIMUM VOLTAGE RATINGS IN VOLTS: 250.0 AC AND 250.0 DC CIRCUIT OVER-CURRENT INTERRUPTION T CASE MATERIAL: CERAMIC TERMINAL MATERIAL: BRASS PART NUMBER: MDA1-4 NSCM: 71400 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 5, Unit of Issue: BX, Delivery Dates:Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 003, GSIN:N5330, NSN:5330013539383, PACKING,PREFORMED, PART NUMBER: 80478 NSCM: 63624 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 50, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates: Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 004, GSIN:N5330, NSN:5330013539383, PACKING,PREFORMED, PART NUMBER: 80478 NSCM: 63624 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 50, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates: Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 005, GSIN:N4320, NSN:4320014158237, PARTS KIT,AXIAL PISTON PUMP, DESCRIPTION: NONSUPPLY ITEMS AND QUANTITIES: 0RDX4 13005-2 CAM, FOLLOWER RING; ORDX4 13007-2 FOLLOWER, CAM PART NUMBER: 13026-2 NSCM: 0RDX4 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 2, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates: Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 006, GSIN:N4320, NSN:4320014158237, PARTS KIT,AXIAL PISTON PUMP, DESCRIPTION: NONSUPPLY ITEMS AND QUANTITIES: 0RDX4 13005-2 CAM, FOLLOWER RING; ORDX4 13007-2 FOLLOWER, CAM PART NUMBER: 13026-2 NSCM: 0RDX4 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 3, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates:Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 007, GSIN:N4730, NSN:4730014205763, STRAINER ELEMENT,SEDIMENT, DESCRIPTION: END ITEM IDENTIFICATION 4 IN. MODEL AUTO SELF CLEANING STRAINER, WATER SUPPOLY EQUIP, ROWPU MKIII PART NUMBER: 1-00-04-004-00-17-3A NSCM: 75341 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 300, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates: Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 008, GSIN:N5920, NSN:5920219122370, FUSE,CARTRIDGE, PART NUMBER: L9701500-150 NSCM: 64743 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 10, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates: Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 009, GSIN:N5920, NSN:5920219122370, FUSE,CARTRIDGE, PART NUMBER: L9701500-150 NSCM: 64743 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 10, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates:Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 010, GSIN:N5920, NSN:5920219122372, FUSE,CARTRIDGE, PART NUMBER: CIF06-6 NSCM: 66871 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 30, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates: Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 011, GSIN:N4320, NSN:4320219124075, PUMP UNIT,CENTRIFUGAL, DESCRIPTION: MAXIMUM DISCHARGE FLOW RATE: 44.0 GALLONS PER MINUTE OPERATING SPEED AT RATED CAPACITY: 3600.0 REVOLUTIONS PER MINUTE INTAKE CONNECTION THREAD SIZE AND SERIES/TYPE DESIGNATOR:1.500-11 NPT DISCHARGE CONNECTION THREAD SIZE AND SERIES/TYPEDESIGNATOR: 1.250-11.5 NPT CURRENT TYPE: AC VOLTAGE IN VOLTS: 230/460 VAC FREQUENCY IN HERTZ: 60.0 PHASE: THREE COOLING METHOD: AIR COOLED SPECIAL FEATURES: C/W CABLE ASSY AND FITTING PART NUMBER: 3040-M-211-1 NSCM: 38955 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 2, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates: Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 012, GSIN:N5120, NSN:5120216396605, PULLER,FUSE, PART NUMBER: 34-002 NSCM: 51144 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 50, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates:Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 013, GSIN:N6645, NSN:6645014263378, METER,TIME TOTALIZING, DESCRIPTION: DIAL DIAMETER: 2.300 INCHES NOMINAL CASE MATERIAL: PLASTIC UNIT TYPE: MOUNTED MOUNTING TYPE: PANEL BODY LENGTH: 2.100 INCHES MAXIMUM BODY DIAMETER: 2.040 INCHES NOMINAL SPECIAL FEATURES:BRASS PLATED TERMINALS;PLUS/MINUS1 PERCENT ACCURACY AT ROOM TEMPERATURE END ITEM IDENTIFICATION: ROWPU,WATER ANALYSIS: 2002334 (05NF7), GENERATOR SET 60 KW W/TRLR PART NAME ASSIGNED BY CONTROLLING AGENCY:HOURMETER 12/24 PART NUMBER: 100223 NSCM: 16476 PART NUMBER: 3000137-001 NSCM: 05NF7 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 5, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates:Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 014, GSIN:N4820, NSN:4820219124376, VALVE,CHECK, DESCRIPTION: MATERIAL: BODY STEEL UNS J92900 MATERIAL: FLOW CONTROL DEVICE STEEL COMP 1.0334 MATERIAL: SEAT STEEL UNS J92900 MATERIAL DOCUMENT AND CLASSIFICATION: BODY ASTM A351 CF8M ASSN STD SINGLE MATERIAL RESPONSE MATERIAL DOCUMENT AND CLASSIFICATION: FLOW CONTROL DEVICE ASTM A167(316) ASN STD SINGLE MATERIAL RESPONSE MATERIAL DOCUMENT AND CLASSIFICATION: SEAT ASTM A351 CF8M ASSN STD SINGLE MATERIAL RESPONSE FLOW CONTROL DEVICE: DISK MAXIMUM OPERATING PRESSURE:SINGLE RESPONSE 750.0 POUNDS PER SQUARE INCH MAXIMUM OPERATING TEMP: SINGLE RESPONSE 470.0 DEG FAHRENHEIT VALVE OPERATION METHOD: AUTOMATIC CONNECTION TYPE: ALL ENDS THREADED EXTERNAL TUBE THREAD SERIES DESIGNATOR: ALL ENDS NPT NOMINAL THREAD SIZE: ALL ENDS 2.000 INCHES THREAD DIRECTION: ALL ENDS RIGHT-HAND MOUNTING POSITION: HORIZONTAL OR VERTICAL DISK LOADING METHOD: SPRING PART NUMBER: 8374 NSCM: 3AB84 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 10, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates: Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 015, GSIN:N4820, NSN:4820219124376, VALVE,CHECK, DESCRIPTION: MATERIAL: BODY STEEL UNS J92900 MATERIAL: FLOW CONTROL DEVICE STEEL COMP 1.0334 MATERIAL: SEAT STEEL UNS J92900 MATERIAL DOCUMENT AND CLASSIFICATION: BODY ASTM A351 CF8M ASSN STD SINGLE MATERIAL RESPONSE MATERIAL DOCUMENT AND CLASSIFICATION: FLOW CONTROL DEVICE ASTM A167(316) ASN STD SINGLE MATERIAL RESPONSE MATERIAL DOCUMENT AND CLASSIFICATION: SEAT ASTM A351 CF8M ASSN STD SINGLE MATERIAL RESPONSE FLOW CONTROL DEVICE: DISK MAXIMUM OPERATING PRESSURE:SINGLE RESPONSE 750.0 POUNDS PER SQUARE INCH MAXIMUM OPERATING TEMP: SINGLE RESPONSE 470.0 DEG FAHRENHEIT VALVE OPERATION METHOD: AUTOMATIC CONNECTION TYPE: ALL ENDS THREADED EXTERNAL TUBE THREAD SERIES DESIGNATOR: ALL ENDS NPT NOMINAL THREAD SIZE: ALL ENDS 2.000 INCHES THREAD DIRECTION: ALL ENDS RIGHT-HAND MOUNTING POSITION: HORIZONTAL OR VERTICAL DISK LOADING METHOD: SPRING PART NUMBER: 8374 NSCM: 3AB84 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 10, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates:Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 016, GSIN:N6665, NSN:6665011340885, WATER TESTING KIT,CHEMICAL AGENTS, DESCRIPTION: COMPONENT QUANTITY: 121 COMPONENT DOCUMENT ORIGIN: GOVERNMENT DOCUMENT SOURCE: 81361 DOCUMENT TYPE: MILITARY DRAWING DOCUMENT IDENTIFICATION: D5-11-2500 COMPONENT DOCUMENT PAGE NUMBER: 1 NONSUPPLY ITEMS AND QUANTITIES: CASE 1;DETECTOR TUBE TYPE1(H/6) 2;DETECTOR TUBE TYPE 2(AC) 1;TICKET PACKET 25;SALT MIX PACKET 25;ZINC MIX PACKET 25;TABLET PACKET25;MOLDED BOTTLE 1;HEATER 1;CLIP 1;ALKALINE SOLUTIONBOTTLE 1;BOTTLE TIP 1;SPRAY TRAP 1;POLYURETHANE FOAM FLEXIBLEPACKAGING SHEET ONE SIXTEENTH THK. BYTWELVE IN. SQ.APPROX,TYPE ONE CLASS TWO WHITE 3;SINULANT TUBE 1;TUBING VIAL1;MATCH VIAL 1;WIND BAFFLE 1;WARNING LABLE 1;UNUSUALCONDITIONS LABEL 1;INSTRUCTION CARD 1;CARRYING STRAP 1 MODEL NUMBER: XM272 PART NAME ASSIGNED BY CONTROLLING AGENCY: WATER TESTING KIT CHEMICAL AGENTS PART NUMBER: XM272 NSCM: 81361 PART NUMBER: D5-77-2500 NSCM: 81361 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 20, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates:Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 017, GSIN:N5331, NSN:5331005278116, O-RING, DESCRIPTION: OUTSIDE DIAMETER: 5.469 INCHES MINIMUM AND 5.555 INCHES MAXIMUM CROSS-SECTIONAL HEIGHT: 0.135 INCHES MINIMUM AND 0.143 INCHES MAXIMUM CENTER HOLE DIAMETER: 5.211 INCHES MINIMUM AND 5.257 INCHES MAXIMUM MATERIAL: RUBBER BUTADIENE-ACRYLONITRILE CLASS NBR PART NUMBER: MS29513-252 NSCM: 81343 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 25, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates:Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 018, GSIN:N4730, NSN:4730219122087, COUPLING,CLAMP,PIPE, DESCRIPTION: END TYPE FOR WHICH DESIGNED: GROOVED SEGMENT QUANTITY: 2 PIPE SIZE ACCOMMODATED: 1.500 INCHES NOMINAL TUBE OUTSIDE DIAMETER FOR WHICH DESIGNED: 1.900 INCHES NOMINAL WORKING PRESSURE RATING: 1000.0 POUNDS PER SQUARE INCH MAXIMUM END ITEM IDENTIFICATION: WATER PURIFICATION UNIT, REVERSE PART NAME ASSIGNED BY CONTROLLING AGENCY: COUPLING,VICTAULIC 1.5 INCH PIPE PART NUMBER: STYLE77-1.5 NSCM: 09741 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 15, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates: Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 019, GSIN:N5330, NSN:5330013539383, PACKING, PREFORMED, PART NUMBER: 80478 NSCM: 63624 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 25, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates: Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 020, GSIN:N4320, NSN:4320014158237, PARTS KIT,AXIAL PISTON PUMP, DESCRIPTION: NONSUPPLY ITEMS AND QUANTITIES: 0RDX4 13005-2 CAM, FOLLOWER RING; 0RDX4 13007-2 FOLLOWER, CAM PART NUMBER: 13026-2 NSCM: 0RDX4 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 2, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates:Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Item 021, GSIN:N5920, NSN:5920219122372, FUSE, CARTRIDGE, PART NUMBER: CIF06-6 NSCM: 66871 OR EQUIVALENT Quantity: 10, Unit of Issue: Each, Delivery Dates:Delivery is highly desired for March 30, 2012. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Huda Dahir 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 7A2, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
30433.txt	DND-VAL Grocery products Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: DESCRIPTION: This Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) request involves the provision, on an as and when ordered basis, of Grocery products. IDENTIFIED USER: Department of National Defence, various sites of the Valcartier Garrison, province of Quebec. PERIOD OF STANDING PROPOSAL: From October 1 , 2011 to September 30, 2012 , divided into two (2) six- (6-) month periods. Note: Offers will have to be submitted for each period, as per the schedule in Annex "B". One or more Standing Offers could be issued for each period. DELIVERY: DELIVERY DND-VAL (VARIOUS SITES)  Delivery addresses Delivery hours and specifications Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison Courcelette (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG  Kitchens 505, 510, 511 From Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. Dépôts des rations Units - Building # 188 Door J - (in back) From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 15:30 PM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Frequency may vary according to the units exercise calendar. Camp Vimy From Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. r according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: During the months of May, June, July and August, quantities could double. Cadets kitchen Building CC-119 Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: From May to August, no call-ups will be made. This is a mandatory requirement: Invoices must be sent to the following address: Unité régionale de Soutien aux Cadets (Est) A/S O Alim Adjuc R. Audet C.P. 100 Succursale Bureau-Chef Richelain (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison (Old Quebec)  Citadelle of Québec C-14 and C-18 From Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Due to the dimensions of the entrance to the Citadelle in Old Quebec, the supplier will have to verify that his delivery trucks can access the site. This is a mandatory requirement. From June to Labor Day, no deliveries can be made to the Citadelle site between 9:30 and 11:00 a.m. Pointe-à-Carcy's Naval Reserve From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison (Quebec City)  Manège militaire St-Malo 1020, Vincent-Massé Street Saint-Malo Industrial Park Boulevard Charest Québec (Québec) From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:30 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Between September and May, an average of one delivery per week. Delay: The National Defence representative will place the orders at least fourty-eight (48) hours before delivery date. Emergency services: At all times during the period of the Standing Offer, when "Urgent" requests are made, the offerer (s) will commit to supplying the goods within twenty-four (24) hours following receipt of an order. Back Orders: For all back order items, the supplier will contact the person whose name will appear on the order form, in order to make arrangements. Packaging: The supplier will deliver the goods packed by order, to facilitate dispatch to each consignee. NOTE: For Building CC-119, the invoices must be sent to the following address: Unité régionale de Soutien aux Cadets (Est) A/S O Alim Adjuc R. Audet C.P. 100 Succursale Bureau-Chef Richelain (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG QUANTITIES: The estimated quantities for each of the required items can be found in Annex B - Working Document - List of products. APPROXIMATE SCOPE OF THE STANDING PROPOSAL: The approximate scope of the Standing Proposal is $735,000.00 for the period from October 1, 2011 to September 30, 2012 inclusive. TRADE AGREEMENTS: "The requirement is subject to a preference for Canadian goods and/or services". Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Fournier, Caroline Gare Maritime Champlain Champlain Maritime Harbour 901, Cap Diamant Québec City Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35479.txt	Modification of air inlets and exhausts of a building Bidders are advised that the closing date is postponed until December 20th, 2011. Time and place remain unchanged  DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – # BA001146 – Modification of air inlets and exhausts of a building, 3rd Wing, Bagotville (QC) The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment necessary for the modification of air inlets and exhausts of a building involving works of tinsmith, of lagging, of cleaning and patching, of dismantling, of demolition and other related works. For DCC Tender Board Projects, Plans and Specifications (P&S) are picked up at the DCC Site Office located at the following address: Defence Construction Canada 3rd Wing / Canadian Forces Base Bagotville Construction Engineer Building Building 62 - Ottawa Street P.O Box 50 Alouette, QC POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: 418)PHONENUMBER_TAG X 7391 The MERX order confirmation number authorizing the order of Project # BA001146 must be presented to the DCC Site Office when picking up P&S. A MERX order confirmation number can be obtained from MERX by logging on their website: URL_TAG THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. A site meeting will be held at the following date, time and location. It is highly recommended that bidders attend this site meeting. Date: December 06th, 2011 Time: 09:00 A.M. hours, local time. Location: Defence Construction Canada, 3rd Wing / CFB Bagotville, Building 62 - Ottawa Street, Alouette, QC POSTALCODE_TAG The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $48,000.00. Bidders are advised that bid and contract security is required when the advertised project budget (estimated cost for this opportunity) is greater than $100,000.00. Refer to the Instructions to Tenderers (Form DCL193 (R-07-08)), paragraph 4. This procurement follows tendering procedures in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Agreement on Internal Trade.  The tender closing date is: December 20th, 2011 The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time. Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: Defence Construction Canada 3rd Wing / Canadian Forces Base Bagotville Construction Engineer Building Building 62 - Ottawa Street P.O Box 50 Alouette, QC POSTALCODE_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association and the DCC Site Office in the project area. Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the Bid Opening Office and from the DCC Site at telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG X 7391. Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact anyone other than the DCC Contracting Authority to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS -VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG 
39230.txt	12796, Milled Rumble Strips and Other Work TRANSPORTATION SEALED TENDERS will be received in the Tender Administration Section, Suite 100, First Floor, Twin Atria Bldg., 4999 - 98 Ave., in Edmonton, AB, before 2:01:00 P.M. on the closing dates noted below for the construction of the following work: Tender No. 12796 Milled Rumble Strips and Other Work District 13 Various Locations in the Grande Prairie District Peace Region Approximate Quantities: 1 054 kilometres Milled Rumble Strips 313 kilometres Roadway Line Painting Contractor to supply all materials. Consultant: GENIVAR Inc. (Contact: Mark Schwab, Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG). URL_TAG 
28673.txt	RFT QU2669 Snow Removal Services Provide and maintain safe passage for pedestrian and vehicular traffic Keep site free of hazardous slippery snow and ice conditions at all times Perform snow and ice clearing per site visit on a continuous basis until all priority areas are completed and cleared to the site satisfaction including all walkways, doorways and parking areas. Contractor shall be able and available to provide snow and ice clearing services seven days a week and twenty four hours a day as necessary Provide snow removal services during non- operational hours of facility where possible to minimize problems associated with pedestrian and vehicular traffic. Ensure that snow and ice are cleared and completed prior to 7:00am – Monday-Friday – and prior to 9:00am on weekends (unless otherwise directed) RMWB will evaluate the Contractor's performance and workmanship. When inadequate and unsatisfactory snow and ice clearing maintenance occurs, Contractor must return until site is deemed satisfactory to RMWB representative. Ensure all aspects of snow removal are captured and conducted throughout the winter season or as applicable. Contractor responsible for supply of all materials and equipment to complete service. All work to be performed shall follow OH&S Acts and Regulation. All work is to be performed in a professional and timely manner. URL_TAG 
39202.txt	DEMOLITION- BUILDING No.30 REQUEST FOR TENDERS: 01B46-11-0278  Sealed tenders for the project indicated above, addressed to the attention of the Contract Officer, Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, will be accepted at the following address, up to the tender closing date and time indicated below: Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC) Corporate Management Branch Assets Management, Eastern Service Centre TENDER RECEIVING UNIT 2001, University Street, suite 671-TEN Montreal, QC, POSTALCODE_TAG Scope of Work: Demolition Building No. 30 at AAFC Research Centre, located at 711 Schafer Side Road in Delhi, Ontario. Site Visit: A site visit will take place on January 5th , 2012 at 10:30 am. Attendance to this visit is not mandatory and will be the only opportunity for interested bidders to visit the site. Bidders representatives will be asked to sign the attendance sheet during the visit. Interested bidders shall present themselves at the reception desk of the Research Centre, at 711 Schafer Side Road, Delhi, London, ten minutes before the visit scheduled start time. Tender Period Closing Date and Time: January 31, 2012 at 02:00 pm (local time). AAFC will not necessarily accept the lowest or any tender. Information requests and inquiries related to this tender process are to be directed, in writing, ONLY to the AAFC Contract Officer identified below. Bidders who contact anyone other than the AAFC Contract Officer to obtain such information during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. It is MANDATORY for the Firms intending to submit tenders on this project to obtain the related specifications, plans and drawings, and all other tender documents through the MERX service provider. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the MERX service provider.  AAFC Contract Officer: Thanh Nguyen (email: EMAIL_TAG) Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC) Corporate Management Branch Assets Management, Eastern Service Centre 2001, University Street, suite 671-TEN Montreal, QC, POSTALCODE_TAG 
39124.txt	Development of a Trigger to Identify When a Heat Emergency Should be Declared Description: For: Development of a Trigger to Identify When a Heat Emergency Should be Declared Issue date: December 22, 2011 Closing date: January 13, 2012 at 12:00 Noon Notes: Viewing Copy 9119-11-7347 viewing copy.pdf (335 Kbytes) - Posted on 12/22/2011 04:05:13 PM The addenda and/or other files listed above are included with the Call Document purchase price but must be downloaded as separate documents. To view the document, click on its filename. To save it to your workstation, right-click on the document's filename, then select "Save Target As..." (or "Save Link As...").Get Acrobat Buyer: Nguyen, Karen Phone number: 416-397-4806 Email: EMAIL_TAG Location: City Hall, 19th Floor West Tower Client Division: Public Health   Non-refundable document fee:  $25.00 + 3.25 HST = $28.25  Scope of work: Project Objectives The objectives of this project are to examine and synthesize findings in the health effects literature and practices in other jurisdictions to inform development of a trigger for when a heat emergency ought to be declared and to enable a more intense community-wide response commensurate with the level of risk. 3.2 Deliverables The Vendor will: 1. Meet with the Project Manager and/or Project Advisory Committee at the request of the Project Manager. The number of meetings is at the sole discretion of the City; 2. Communicate with the Project Manager on a bi-weekly basis for the duration of the contract; 3. Submit to the Project Manager a progress report on the comprehensive scan of review of peer-reviewed and grey literature on the need for an escalated heat emergency response by early February, 2012; 4. Submit to the Project Manager a progress report on the scan of heat emergency protocols in other jurisdictions by mid February, 2012; 5. Conduct a minimum of five (5) key informant interviews by late February, 2012; 6. Create and submit to the Project Manager a proposed table of contents for final report by late February, 2012 for feedback from the Project Advisory Committee; 7. Create and submit to the Project Manager a conceptual/initial draft version of the report by mid March , 2012 for feedback from the Project Advisory Committee; 8. Create draft final versions of the report and meet with Project Advisory Committee to share and discuss the results by March 15, 2012; 9. Deliver final version of the report by March 30, 2012. The Vendor will provide information to the Project Manager in electronic format MicrosoftWord 2007 and pdf 2007) and hardcopy. Ensure all documents and figures are reproducible in 8 ½" x 11" black and white. Dates for deliverables are subject to change at the request of TPH. 3.3 Description of Services Required The qualified consultant will work in partnership with TPH staff and expert advisors to synthesize health evidence and practices in other jurisdiction to determine when to trigger a broader emergency response plan. This project component will examine research findings and methodologies used to predict extensive heat-related illness. Types of relevant information to be included in the synthesis are hospital surveillance data, emergency response data, community health professional data and weather predictions. The findings from the "Development of Syndromic Surveillance Methodology to Monitor Heat-related Illness RFP (RFP # 9119-11-7345)" will also be considered in exploration of a suitable trigger for declaring a heat-related emergency. Following the completion of this project, the value of an extended heat health emergency trigger will be explored with key stakeholders. TPH will hold a stakeholder workshop with emergency responders and community agencies to review and provide input into the recommended response. The group will discuss the utility and feasibility of adding a trigger to Toronto's existing heat alert system. The stakeholders will discuss how this trigger can help with the roll-out of city-wide emergency response procedures. 3.4 Final Report to TPH The Vendors must prepare a final report summarizing the available information on extended heat emergencies including: A comprehensive scan of extended heat emergency protocols in both Canadian and international jurisdictions, including those with similar characteristics (climate, demographics, population size) to major Canadian cities. A comprehensive scan of extended heat emergency triggers used in both Canadian and international jurisdiction. A comprehensive scan of the available literature (academic and grey) on the need for an escalated response when high temperatures are sustained for an extended period of time. A description of how heat related illness syndromic surveillance methodologies have and can be used in the execution of extended heat emergency trigger and protocols. A description of the findings from key informant interviews conducted with experts in the field. Including but not limited to experts in Ontario, Quebec, with Health Canada as well as appropriate international experts. Conclusion about what are the most important factors to consider when developing an extended heat emergency policy and protocol. This should include a compressive analysis of the cost effectiveness of the policy and protocol. Recommendations on what characteristics are needed in order to trigger an extended heat emergency and the rationale for choosing. The report must also include a table of contents and an executive summary. The report must be written in a clear, concise and comprehensive manner. Figures and tables should be included where beneficial. Appropriate citations must be included as needed. Please visit URL_TAG for additional information.  MERX asks that you contact the buying agency directly to obtain associated documents.  The contact information can be found within  the notice abstract. 
28640.txt	Survey on the Importance of Nature to Canadians AMENDMENT TO SOLICITATION K2A25-11-0006 REFERENCE NUMBER : 229884 Survey on the Importance of Nature of Canadians The closing date has been extended until November 28, 2011 at 3:00 p.m.  OBS NOTICE Solicitation Number: K2A25-11-0006 Title: Survey on the Importance of Nature to Canadians All enquiries concerning this solicitation must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Authority named below as early as possible within the bidding period. Enquiries should be received by the Contracting Authority no later than five (5) working days prior to the bid closing date specified herein to allow sufficient time to provide a response.  Intellectual Property  The Crown will own the foreground intellectual property arising from work under this contract in accordance with exception 6.5 of the federal policy on Title to Intellectual Property Arising from Crown Procurement Contracts on the grounds that the Foreground consists of material subject to copyright and the materials are not computer software or related software documentation. Requirement Environment Canada has a requirement for consulting and professional services. The Contractor is required to complete a national survey on the importance of nature to Canadians. Detailed costed proposals are being sought to finalize, test, undertake, analyse, and report on results of a national fact-based survey.  Background As federal lead for facilitating implementation of the Canadian Biodiversity Strategy and as Canada's national focal point for the Convention on Biological Diversity, Environment Canada's Ecosystems and Biodiversity Priorities Division (EBPD) was asked to work collaboratively with other federal departments and with the provincial and territorial governments to develop a national survey on the importance of nature to Canadians. The work is overseen by the Federal-Provincial-Territorial (FPT) Assistant Deputy Ministers' (ADM) Biodiversity Steering Group (BSG) in consultation with the interdepartmental Assistant Deputy Ministers' Federal Biodiversity Committee (FBC). The survey is intended to update and expand on information produced by a series of national surveys on the importance of wildlife and nature to Canadians that were completed in 1981, 1986, 1991, and 1996. The 1996 survey focused on identifying Canadians' participation in a range of wildlife-related activities and their associated expenditures. Results of those surveys have been very useful to jurisdictions, as well as to non-government researchers and analysts, for example in informing economic analysis and resources allocation in the contexts of environmental impacts, species at risk legislation, land use planning, and parks and protected areas management. A working group representing the FPT jurisdictions has completed a review of information needs and existing resources relating to the values of biodiversity and ecosystems in Canada. They confirmed the need for current information and analysis on nature-based activities and expenditures, including recreation, subsistence, and conservation. FPT ADMs have approved a draft survey prepared by the working group for further development by professional survey methodologists, and for implementation during the 2011 and 2012 calendar years. Statement of Work The Contractor will be required to work in close consultation with Environment Canada and members of a Federal-Provincial-Territorial working group to complete the tasks generally, including for delivery of the survey in the three Territories.  All work must meet or exceed recognized research industry standards. The Contractor must have the capacity to manage survey implementation and analysis in both official languages.  The successful bidder shall, between the date of contract award and February 1, 2013, perform and complete with care, skill, diligence, and efficiency the following services: A. Survey Instrument In consultation with and providing advice to Environment Canada, the Contractor shall finalize a survey instrument based on advanced draft prepared by the government working group. A summary of the scope of questions is provided in Appendix 1 of this Terms of Reference. Obtain approval on the revised survey instrument. The survey should be designed for mixed-mode implementation using internet and mail. Recommended changes will focus on achieving response efficiences and improving data quality. Environment Canada will be responsible for producing a French translation of the approved pre-test version of the questionnaire. B. Pre-testing and Reporting Perform pre-testing interviews with a sample resulting in 35 English and 15 French responses. The pre-testing sample will include responses from each of the demographic clusters required for the survey to the extent that this is feasible: age range above 18; urban/rural/remote-northern location of dwelling; male/female, and Aboriginal/non-Aboriginal.  Report in writing on pre-test results to Environment Canada, revise if needed, and obtain approval on revised/final survey instrument. Environment Canada will complete any necessary translations to the survey questionnaire resulting from revisions.  C. Programming Program the survey instrument for web and mail delivery, and for analysis to generate complete data tables that can be used by the Environment Canada and the Federal, Provincial, and Territorial Governments for ongoing analysis.  D. Sample Identification Identify survey population in consultation with Environment Canada, to generate a stratified probability sample of 3,600 completed responses for a representative national result and a total of 20,307 completed responses (including the 3,600 national sample) for a provincially and territorially representative result (with the exception of British Columbia and Nunavut). The samples are to be based on the following criteria: standard age ranges above 18; urban/rural location of dwelling; male/female, and Aboriginal/non-Aboriginal respondents. The response rates will correspond to the following breakdown: Province/Territory Base responses n P/T "top up" n Total responses n AB 350 1463 1813 BC 400 0 400 MN PHONENUMBER_TAG NB PHONENUMBER_TAG NL PHONENUMBER_TAG NS PHONENUMBER_TAG NU 125 0 125 NWT PHONENUMBER_TAG ON 925 4655 5580 PEI PHONENUMBER_TAG QC 600 3371 3971 SK PHONENUMBER_TAG YT PHONENUMBER_TAG Total Canada 3600 16707 20307 E. Fieldwork/Data Collection The survey will be delivered using a mixed-mode combining internet and postal mail.  Undertake the survey in French or English according to the preference of individual respondents. Collect and manage responses.  F. Analysis/Database Preparation and Provision Produce data tables of all results for comprehensive analysis. The Contractor will organize all open-ended responses for review with Environment Canada and come to an agreement on the coding of these responses for analysis by the Contractor. On completion of the contract all survey results in the form of data tables and analyses will be provided to Environment Canada, and will be the property of Environment Canada and participating Provincial and Territorial Governments. The database will be provided in a standard format with any necessary guidance document to enable subsequent use.  G. Reporting The Contractor will provide a draft report outline for approval. The report will consist of: 1. an executive summary; 2. Findings at the national level of analysis; 3. Findings at each provincial and Territorial level of analysis; 4. Methods including the questionnaire, assurances of scientific validity, and disclosure of limitations.  The Contractor will finalize the complete report for approval, and provide a final version in English, with a separate executive summary in both English and French. The executive summary is to include: a statement of the research purpose and objectives; a summary of key findings; a brief description of the methodology used and the specifications. The executive summary and final report should be clearly be identified by the contract number. All documents will be provided in electronic format using Microsoft Word. Deliverables Deliverables under this contract, as outlined in the Statement of Work, are: 1. Meeting with the Departmental Representative and study lead to confirm understanding of the work 2. An approved survey questionnaire for testing 3. Completion of testing and Approved report on test results 4. Final survey questionnaire submitted for approval  5. Approved final survey questionnaire programmed for implementation 6. Confirmed sample identification according to Environment Canada's requirements and approved method for survey delivery 7. Completion of data collection 8. Completion and provision of database containing all data tables for analysis 9. Completion of comprehensive analysis of survey results in draft report for review 10. Approved final report with executive summary Travel The Contractor is not expected to travel for this work, but will communicate effectively and as needed by telephone and email with Environment Canada to ensure that the work is completed as contracted. No separate budget for travel will be included in this contract. Proposals Proposals should clearly indicate how they meet the evaluation criteria and should include the following: - CVs for all personnel that would be assigned to this project. - Two (2) completed samples of results of similar projects. - Contact information for two (2) recent clients that can verify work. All proposals will state how each of the elements of work as indicated in A through G above will be successfully completed, with itemized costs. This MUST include, but is not limited to the following: - how the Contractor will meet the specified sampling requirement and will include a breakdown of the following demographic characteristics of the internet panel that they would use, by individual province and territory: age distribution, gender distribution, geographic distribution including urban, rural, and remote residence, and Aboriginal/non-Aboriginal ethnicity.  - the specific strategy the Contractor would use to manage the field process including timing of steps in the process. This strategy will be informed by the current state of knowledge reported in relevant literature, for example, Dillman, Smyth, and Christian (2009) Internet, mail and mixed-mode surveys: The tailored design method. All proposals will indicate the steps they would take in a mixed-mode of internet and mail to achieve a scientifically valid sample in each province and territory and correct for non-response, sampling, and coverage errors.  - Costing in two parts: 1. Preparation, testing, analysis and reporting costs, plus the cost of surveying the ‘base' national sample of 3,600 completed responses as shown in Item D above.  2. An incremental cost per every 100 responses for surveying above that ‘base', as shown in the Statement of Work Item D, above, up to an additional 16,707 surveys.  - Costs for delivering the survey in Yukon, Northwest Territories, and Nunavut will be provided individually, separately from all other costs, due to the potential variability required for delivery methods in those regions. Confirm ability to complete mixed-mode approach in each territory, and ability to work closely with client representatives to coordinate verbal support for respondents where necessary. Include an estimate for translating the survey questionnaire into Inuktitut.  - How the Contractor will manage the data and creation of comprehensive data tables to enable production of a thorough primary analysis report and any possible subsequent analyses at the client's discretion. Selection Criteria Proposals received will be evaluated against specific mandatory criteria including both expertise/experience and a budget/workplan. The contract will be awarded to the firm obtaining the lowest compliant cost per point proposal (determined by dividing the bid price by the total points achieved in the evaluation of the bidder's proposal). For a proposal to be technically acceptable it must achieve an overall mark of 75% in each of the three categories. If no acceptable bids are received Environment Canada has the right to not award a contract for this work. Project Budget Environment Canada has established funding for this project at a maximum amount of $456,000.00 (excluding applicable taxes) over the 2011-2012 Fiscal Year and the 2012-2013 Fiscal Year. This covers the period from date of award to termination date of February 1, 2013. The Crown reserves the right to reduce the number of survey responses required for a particular province or territory if funding commitments are not met. In any such case the Contractor will be advised before the relevant work is undertaken.  APPENDIX 1.  2011 Survey on the Importance of Nature to Canadians:  SCOPE OF QUESTIONS  The draft survey questionnaire prepared by the Federal-Provincial-Territorial working group incorporates and expands upon the questions asked in the 1996 Survey on the Importance of Nature to Canadians.  The new survey focuses on the activities of individual respondents during the 2011 calendar year. Draft questions are already in an advanced stage of development and approved by Assistant-Deputy Ministers. An underlying assumption is that people's voluntary choices regarding nature-based activities can be seen as demonstrating, in a partial way, nature's significance to them.  The draft is organized into four sections addressing the following subjects: 1.  Indication of a range of actions taken because of nature's importance  Membership and financial contributions to naturalist or conservation organizations  Actions taken in relation to species at risk  Actions taken in relation to ecosystem services, or "nature's benefits"  Occurrences of human/wildlife concerns, and resulting actions taken 2.  Participation rates in range of nature-based recreation, conservation, and subsistence activities, at home or away from the respondent's community, and associated expenditures  Number and frequency of trips away from home community to participate in these activities, and the three locations most visited for these trips   For hunting, trapping, or fishing activity, what wildlife was the focus of activity; or reasons for not participating in these activities  For volunteer nature conservation activity, extent, frequency, activity type, skills used; or reasons for not participating in this activity 3.  Activities and expenditures for nature conservation on lands that the respondent rents, owns, or leases, including a primary residence, personal or family recreational property, or other lands of any size in any location in Canada  Use of information or incentive programs to support conservation of habitat or wildlife at any location that the respondent is responsible for; extent and value of lands addressed by any conservation programs; or reasons for not participating 4.  Basic demographic information  Reside in urban, rural, or remote area  Relation of primary economic activity to natural resources management or use  Sources used for information about nature 
29174.txt	Housing Access Link Solution  Update #4 - see attached document  Update #3 - see attached document  Update #2 - see attached document  Update #1 - see attached document  Alberta Housing and Urban Affairs (HUA) is a provincial Ministry that contributes to the inclusion, well-being, and independence of lower-income Albertans through safe, sustainable and affordable housing, and assists urban communities with addressing their unique needs. Currently, HUA manages 123 organizations that handle housing operations in Alberta. HUA is looking to implement a Provincial information system (called the Housing Access Link), an enterprise-wide software Solution to be used by HUA and its 123 external stakeholder organizations, to address their current and evolving business needs. These business requirements include property/asset management of building and housing, financial management of housing providers and HUA, information management of clients involved in housing programs, and the corporate information management of housing providers. HUA is looking for a Solution that will streamline business processes where possible. HUA seeks a Vendor who will be responsible for full Implementation and Maintenance Services, and provide the Solution on a license fee basis. The Contract is for a five-year period, with the option to extend for up to an additional five years. URL_TAG 
37311.txt	Transformer, 25-5 kV, Sub #9-T1 (01/04) The City of Red Deer Electric, Light & Power Department invites proposals for the supply of a three-phase, 25 - 5 kV, 5 MVA, conservator-tank, oil-immersed transformer for The City of Red Deer #9 Substation. URL_TAG 
31198.txt	Opportunity Description: For the printing and delivery of the Fredericton Visitor pad map for the City of Fredericton Tourism Division. This Proposal P11-33 includes selling advertising on the map, to the Tourism industry, in order to provide the pad map at NO CHARGE to the City of Fredericton Tourism Division. Call City of Fredericton, Asset Management Division @ 506-460-2078 for a copy of Proposal P11-33. This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must btain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. Item #: 1 Commodity No.: T003 ADVERTISING SERVICES Item #: 2 Commodity No.: N7690 PRINTED MATTER, MISCELLANEOUS     For the printing and delivery of the Fredericton Visitor pad map for the City of Fredericton Tourism Division. This Proposal P11-33 includes selling advertising on the map, to the Tourism industry, in order to provide the pad map at NO CHARGE to the City of Fredericton Tourism Division. Call City of Fredericton, Asset Management Division @ 506-460-2078 for a copy of Proposal P11-33. La présente est un avis d'appel d'offres seulement. Afin de présenter une soumission, vous devez obtenir les documents de soumission officiels en vous adressant au Réseau de possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick, à un service de distribution autorisé ou à une autre source telle qu'indiquée dans l'avis d'appel d'offres. Nº d'article: 1 Ndegrees de la marchandise: T003 ADVERTISING SERVICES Nº d'article: 2 Ndegrees de la marchandise: N7690 PRINTED MATTER, MISCELLANEOUS     Administrative address is City of Fredericton P.O. Box 130/C.P. 130 Fredericton, New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG     L'adresse administrative est City of Fredericton P.O. Box 130/C.P. 130 Fredericton, Nouveau-Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG
39162.txt	Gravel Box, Plow & Sander Equipment The County of Stettler No. 6 is inviting bids for the purchase of a Gravel Box, Plow Equipment & Sander to be mounted on a truck & chassis (purchased seperately) ADDENDUM ISSUED: January 3, 2012 - to fix printing problem on Specs Sheet ADDENDUM ISSUED: January 6, 2012 - to further clarify the specs regarding the hydraulics URL_TAG 
27691.txt	Opportunity Description: Sealed tenders will be received by the undersigned until 2:00:00 P.M., (local time), Friday, October 21st, 2011 for the following:   ROOF REPLACEMENT  PROTECTIVE SERVICES BUILDING  T-53-323-11   Copies of the tender specifications are available from Alberta Purchasing Connection website, URL_TAG   There is a mandatory site inspection meeting scheduled for Thursday, October 13, 2011, at 2:00 PM at the Protective Services Building located at 9910 – 99th Ave., Grande Prairie, Alberta.   Each tender shall be accompanied by either a certified cheque or a bid bond in the amount of ten percent (10%) of the tender price and a copy of a valid COR as issued by ACSA.   Courier Address: City of Grande Prairie  1st Floor, City Hall  10205 – 98 Street  Grande Prairie, AB POSTALCODE_TAG  Mailing Address: City of Grande Prairie  PO Bag 4000  Grande Prairie, AB POSTALCODE_TAG  The lowest or any tender may not necessarily be accepted.
35464.txt	RFP: Vehicle Acquisitions RFx Abstract Template with French Summary  * French summary below * Résumé en français ci-dessous RFP Title Vehicle Acquisitions - OSS-00163907  Scope of Work The objective of this Request for Proposal is to establish an enterprise-wide Vendor of Record Arrangement for Vehicle Acquisitions for a period of five (5) years.  This Request for Proposal will be open during the term of the Vendor of Record Arrangement to allow for additional proponents to submit proposals in April of each year the Vendor of Record Arrangement is active. In August of each year an Annual Refresh of vehicles will be conducted to obtain updated vehicle models and pricing. This Vendor of Record Arrangement will be open to Broader Public Sector entities on a voluntary basis.  Issue Date YYYY/MM/DD November 30, 2011 Bidder / Proponent Mandatory Information Session Required (procurement process only): No Bidder/Proponent Information Session  YYYY/MM/DD December 8, 2011 at 11:00:00 a.m.  Bidder's / Proponent's Deadline for Questions  YYYY/MM/DD  December 14, 2011 Deadline for Issuing Addenda  YYYY/MM/DD December 19, 2011 Tender / Proposal Submission Deadline YYYY/MM/DD  January 25, 2011 at 11:00:00 a.m. (Toronto, Time) Additional Information Any additional information is to be provided in English only *The Solicitation timetable is tentative only and may be changed by the Ministry in its sole discretion at any time prior to the Proposal/Tender Submission Deadline.  Résumé en français Titre de la demande de x Acquisition de véhicules – OSS-00163907   Étendue des travaux Cette demande de propositions a pour but d'établir une entente avec des fournisseurs attitrés, valide cinq (5) ans, pour l'acquisition de véhicules pour l'ensemble du secteur public. Cette demande de propositions sera ouverte pendant la durée de l'entente avec des fournisseurs attitrés afin que d'autres proposants puissent présenter des propositions en avril de chaque année pendant cette période. Une actualisation sera effectuée chaque année au mois d'août afin d'obtenir une mise à jour des modèles de véhicules et des prix. Les organismes du secteur parapublic pourront se prévaloir de cette entente avec des fournisseurs attitrés s'ils le désirent.  Date de lancement AAAA/MM/JJ 30 novembre 2011 Séance d'information obligatoire pour les soumissionnaires/proposants (processus d'approvisionnement seulement)  Non Séance d'information pour les soumissionnaires/proposants AAAA/MM/JJ 8 décembre 2011 à 11 h Date limite pour les questions des soumissionnaires/proposants AAAA/MM/JJ 14 décembre 2011 Date limite pour les addenda  AAAA/MM/JJ 19 décembre 2011 Date limite pour les soumissions/propositions AAAA/MM/JJ 25 janvier 2011 à 11 h (heure de Toronto) Renseignements supplémentaires Tous les renseignements supplémentaires doivent être fournis en anglais seulement. * Le calendrier pour les demandes de soumissions est provisoire et peut être modifié par le ministère à sa discrétion exclusive, n'importe quand avant la date limite pour les soumissions/propositions. 
28272.txt	Opportunity Description: Amendment to Proposal – Envelope # 2 CL305PL INSTRUMENT DECONTAMINATION PRODUCTS (Business/Financial Response)  Amendments have been made to volumes on specific line items highlighted in "yellow" for CL305PL. If you have already submitted your response to HealthPRO and should you choose to amend your response as a result of these changes, please provide your submission within the allocated period of time. Upon receipt of your amended response, HealthPRO will return the original submission un-opened to the supplier and it will be deemed null and void. 
39173.txt	Laser Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Government Objectives Representing Best Interests/Value to Govt Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: QUANTEL USA 601 Hagerty Lane Bozeman Montana United States 59715 Nature of Requirements: CONTEXT: Our group, at the National Research Council of Canada, is devoted to the exploration and development of industrial applications based on the Laser-Induced Breakdown Spectroscopy (LIBS) technology. LIBS is a powerful analytical technique which allows obtaining the elemental composition of a material, through the analysis of the spectral signature of a micro-plasma formed on the target surface by an intense pulsed laser. Following a development contract with the Alcoa World Alumina Company, we are presently devising a portable LIBS probe for the purpose of determining the concentration of a critical trace element in a process fluid. Now, this particular development entails the use of a laser source (which is the most critical component of the probe) with very precise characteristics. These characteristics are the following: The laser source shall: 1. consist of a Nd:YAG amplifying/oscillating medium, with ptical emission wavelength at 1064 nm; 2. be based on a solid-state, diode-pumped ("DPSS") configuration; 3. use "Q-switching", in order to achieve light pulses with temporal profiles not exceeding 8 ns, full-width at half-maximum (FWHM); 4. be equipped with an active electro-optic Q-switch device of the "Pockels cell" type, which allows fast and accurate external synchronization of the emitted light pulse with external devices; 5. provide 25 mJ energy per pulse; 6. allow operation at variable repetition rates up to 100 Hz; 7. be based on a cavity configuration of the "unstable" type, featuring a Graded Reflectivity Mirror (GRM) output coupler (with Gaussian reflectivity profile), in order to insure that the beam parameters will meet the required specifications (see §8 below); 8. emit a laser beam whose divergence (full angle) will not exceed 1.5 mrad, with a beam diameter (waist) smaller or equal to 2.7 mm; 9. possess a laser head whose dimensions do not exceed 220 x 130 x 70 mm; 10. possess a laser head whose weight is comprised between 3.0 and 3.5 kg; 11. be cooled by air convection; 12. be able to operate within an ambient temperature range from 10 to 35degreesC. In order to ensure a successful issue to the project, it is mandatory that the selected laser unit meet all the above-mentioned technical requirements. Following a thorough investigation of the laser sources available on the market and given the unique nature of this development [a robust and portable technology dedicated to field-deployed analytical measurements], specifically in terms of the strict constraints involved in the selection of the probe components (especially the laser source), NRCC came to the conclusion that presently, the only device whose specifications are consistent with our requirements is the Centurion laser unit, manufactured by the Quantel group, located in Bozeman, MT, USA. QUANTITY : 1 DELIVERY : On or before March 31st, 2012. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Leporé, Denis Place Bonaventure, portail Sud-Est 800, rue de La Gauchetière Ouest 7 ième étage Montréal Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
35468.txt	RFT: Supply, Delivery and Unloading of Insulated Toilet Facility RFx Abstract Template with French Summary  * French summary below * Résumé en français ci-dessous RFx Title Contract 2011-5715 Supply, Deliver and Unload Insulated Toilet Facilities Sudbury Area  Scope of Work Supply, Deliver and Unload Insulated Toilet Facilities including tanks for various picnic sites in the Sudbury Area  Issue Date YYYY/MM/DD 2011-11-30 Bidder / Proponent Mandatory Information Session Required (procurement process only): No  Bidder/Proponent Information Session  YYYY/MM/DD N/A Site Meeting Mandatory No Site Meeting Date (If applicable) YYYY/MM/DD N/A Bid Security Required N/A Bidder's / Proponent's Deadline for Questions  YYYY/MM/DD December 13, 2011 Deadline for Issuing Addenda  YYYY/MM/DD December 14, 2011 Tender / Proposal Submission Deadline YYYY/MM/DD December 16, 2011  Additional Information This is a Designated Contract Necessary Available Financial Rating is $22,000.00 Bidders are to Obtain Request for Render (RFT) Only through MERX™ Tenders to be submitted by facsimile. The bid forms supplied by the Ministry MUST be used, submitted by fax within the scheduled Tender Submission Period, and in the possession of the Ontario Shared Services, Supply Chain Management Division, Tender Administration Office. Fax No. to be provided during the Tender Submission Period. Tenders received by any other method will be rejected. For more information, please see tender specifications. All enquiries regarding the aspects of this RFT, that have not been addressed should be faxed to Hazel Blair, Ontario Shared Services, Corporate Procurement Policy & Planning Branch Facsimile No.: 416-212-6907 E-mail: EMAIL_TAG The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.   *The Solicitation timetable is tentative only and may be changed by the Ministry in its sole discretion at any time prior to the Proposal/Tender Submission Deadline.  Résumé en français Titre de la demande de propositions Contrat no 2011-5715 : Fournir, livrer et décharger, dans la région de Sudbury, des toilettes isolées contre le froid  Étendue des travaux Fournir, livrer et décharger des toilettes isolées contre le froid, y compris les réservoirs, à plusieurs aires de pique-nique de la région de Sudbury   Date de lancement AAAA/MM/JJ 30 novembre 2011 Séance d'information obligatoire pour les soumissionnaires/proposants (processus d'approvisionnement seulement)  Non  Séance d'information pour les soumissionnaires/proposants AAAA/MM/JJ s.o. Rencontre sur le chantier obligatoire  Non Date de rencontre sur le chantier (s'il y a lieu) AAAA/MM/JJ s.o. Garantie de soumission requise s.o. Date limite pour les questions des soumissionnaires/proposants AAAA/MM/JJ 13 décembre 2011 Date limite pour les addenda  AAAA/MM/JJ 14 décembre 2011 Date limite pour les soumissions/propositions AAAA/MM/JJ 16 décembre 2011 * Le calendrier pour les demandes de soumissions est provisoire et peut être modifié par le ministère à sa discrétion exclusive, n'importe quand avant la date limite pour les soumissions/propositions. 
37225.txt	For the CONSTRUCTION A SURFACING STRUCTURE  TENDER Sealed tenders for the work listed below will be received by CORPORATE SUPPORT BRANCH, MINISTRY OF HIGHWAYS AND INFRASTRUCTURE, 240 HENDERSON DRIVE, REGINA, SASKATCHEWAN POSTALCODE_TAG until 2:00 p.m. CST on the specified tender close date and will be opened in public immediately thereafter. Tender forms and contract documents can be downloaded from URL_TAG CONTRACT NO. H11155 For the CONSTRUCTION A SURFACING STRUCTURE on Highway No. 55 from its junction with Tindall Avenue in Nipawin to 7.04 km northwest of its north junction with Highway No. 35; for a TOTAL DISTANCE OF 17.65 km; and the PRODUCTION AND STOCKPILING OF AGGREGATE in the vicinity of Whitefox, Garrick and the George Willis Bridge; for a TOTAL OF 4 STOCKPILES. Approximate Quantities: -Hauling Aggregate: 956 100 t.km -Surface Mixing And Compaction In Place: 67 300 m2 -Base Aggregate: 8 000 t -Granular Base Course In Place: 3 000 t -Asphalt Concrete In Place: 37 600 t -Reclaimed Asphalt Concrete: 142 300 m2 -Seal Coat Aggregate Type 118: 10 000 t Tender Closes: December 21, 2011 Deposit with each Tender - 5% of Total Bid  Rob Penny, Deputy Minister 
39265.txt	Q6328 Commercial Kitchen Equipment - Harry Ainlay School Edmonton Public Schools is requesting quotations for Commercial Kitchen Equipment as per attached package of information and specifications. URL_TAG 
35433.txt	Building Envelope Rehabilitation, Confederation Building, Parliament Hill, Ottawa, Ontario Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) intends to retain a firm of architects in the capacity of Prime Consultant, together with a multidisciplinary team of Sub-consultants for the provision of the services required for the Confederation Building Envelope Rehabilitation, 229 Wellington Street, Ottawa, Ontario. All interested Proponents are invited to a site visit on Thursday, 15 December 2011 at 10:00 a.m. at the main entrance of the Confederation Building, 229 Wellington Street, Ottawa, Ontario. The purpose of this project is to address the poor and worsening conditions of the Confederation Building envelope. The Confederation Building was built from 1927-1932. The building is comprised of a sixteen floor central tower, located at the corner of Bank and Wellington Streets, with three wings radiating from the tower. The exterior is virtually unchanged from its original state, although the interior was rehabilitated in 1972. The Confederation Building is designated by Federal Heritage Buildings Review Office (FHBRO) as a Classified Heritage Property. Since it was built, there has been intermittent maintenance to its exterior envelope. Elevated signs of deterioration and material degradation suggest damage to the heritage fabric. The intended lifespan of the interventions of this project is until 2026, when the entire Confederation Building will be rehabilitated as a Major Crown Project. The Proponent shall be an architect, licensed, or eligible to be licensed, certified or otherwise authorized to provide the necessary professional services to the full extent that may be required by law in the Province of Ontario. The Cost Specialist shall be a Professional Quantity Surveyor (PQS) as accredited by the Canadian Institute of Quantity Surveyors (CIQS). The approved project is to replace only the roof and to complete the pre-design of all designated building envelope elements at an estimated construction cost of $21.5M (HST included). The building elements operate as one system and the roof condition is contributing significantly to the deterioration of the masonry and windows requiring an integrated solution to resolve the deterioration as a whole and in a logical sequence. PWGSC is currently seeking approval to proceed with a holistic design and implementation approach inclusive of all exterior building elements. This holistic design approach will integrate building solutions of all the exterior elements and will generate significant savings. The estimated construction cost of the full scope of the entire building envelope (Confirmed and Optional Scope) is $36.1M (HST included). Approval for this approach is expected to be early 2012. THIS PROCUREMENT CONTAINS A SECURITY REQUIREMENT. This is a single phase selection process. The nature of the requirement and the anticipated limited number of response by the industry leads PWGSC to believe that this approach will not unduly force a large number of firms to expend an overall unreasonable amount of effort in response to PWGSC. Proponents responding to this Request for Proposal (RFP) are requested to submit a full and complete proposal. The proposal will cover not only the qualifications, experience and rganization of the proposed Consultant Team, but also the detailed approach to the work, and the pricing and terms ffered. A combination of the technical and price of services submissions will constitute the proposal. The Firm, Knowles Consultancy Services Inc. and Hill International Inc. in Joint Venture, will be the Fainess Monitor (FM) for this RFP process. Consulting firms that consider themselves qualified to provide these services may order the RFP document from the Government of Canada Electronic Tendering Services through MERX. Late submissions will not be considered. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Leach, Lynn 11 Laurier St./11 Rue Laurier 3C2, Place du Portage Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29145.txt	Roll-Off Containers and Haulage Services Description: Roll-Off Containers and Haulage Services Quotations are invited for the provision of Roll-Off Containers and Haulage Services for Exhibition Place, Toronto, on an as when required basis for one (1) year period From January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2012, with the option to renew the Contract for three (3) additional separate one (1) year periods, all in accordance with the provisions and specifications contained in the Request for Quotation (RFQ) and the City of Toronto's Procurement Policies, the attached Schedule "A" - Price Form, and the City of Toronto Fair Wage Policy and Labour Trades Contractual Obligations in the Construction Industry. Issue date: October 11, 2011 Closing date: October 26, 2011 at 12:00 Noon  Buyer: Andrade, Gui Phone number: 416-397-4808 Email: EMAIL_TAG Location: City Hall, 17th Floor West Tower Client Division: Exhibition Place   Non-refundable document fee:  $25.00 + 3.25 HST = $28.25  Security deposit:  No Scope of work: The scope of this RFQ includes the provision of Roll-Off Containers and Haulage Services of the Products listed in Schedule "A" – Price Form. Option Year One (1) from January 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013 Option Year Two (2) from January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2014 Option Year Three (3) from January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 The decision to renew the contract for the option year(s) will be at the discretion of the Board. Included in the decision to accept option year(s) of the contract is a market analysis, conducted by the City for the goods/services included herein, at the time the option is being considered, comparing the bidder's change in price for the option year(s) to current market/industry conditions Mandatory Response Requirements Bidders must submit the following with their submissions; Bidders failing to include one or any of the following items will result in the bid being declared non-compliant and will not be considered for award: Bidders must submit one (1) original and should submit one (1) additional hard copy of their Quotation. In the event where there are deviations between the original and any copies, the original hard copy shall prevail. In order for your Bid to be considered, the Bidder must provide pricing on all items listed in Schedule "A" - Price Form. Quotations that do not include pricing on all Products and/or Services listed will be declared non-compliant. (See Section 12.0) Bidders must state if their firm is experienced and number of years in the business. Failure to state if their firm is experienced and number of years in the business with the bid submission will result in the bid being declared non-compliant and will not be considered for award. (See Section 9.2) Bidders are required to submit a minimum of three (3) references from companies for whom the Bidder has satisfactorily provided Roll-Off Container – Haulage Services in the past three (3) years. Should the Bidder fail to provide with their submission one or any of the references requested will result in the bid being declared noncompliant and will not be considered for award. (See Section 9.4) Bidders must be authorized to transport waste. Bidders must provide a valid Certificate of Approval from a waste management system to transport waste and issued by the Ministry of Environment (MOE) with their RFQ response. Bidders that do not include a copy of a valid Certificate of Approval from a waste management system to transport waste and issued by the Ministry of Environment (MOE) with their bid response will be declared non-compliant and will not be considered for award. (See Section 10.2.3(a)) When operating under a different name other than their legal name, the bidder must provide an up to date Business Corporate Profile to demonstrate the affiliation between the two entities in the Certificate of Approval issued by the Ministry of Environment (MOE). Bidders that do not include a copy of an up to date Business Corporate Profile to demonstrate the affiliation between the two entities in the Certificate of Approval issued by the Ministry of Environment (MOE) with their bid response will be declared noncompliant and will not be considered for award. (See Section 10.2.3(b)) Bidders shall submit with their submission their Workplace Safety and Insurance Board Workers Compensation account number. Failure to submit the Workplace Safety and Insurance Board Workers Compensation account number with their submission will result in the bid being declared noncompliant and will not be considered for award. (See Section 10.3.1(a)) Award It is the intent of the City to award a Contract to one Bidder based on the Bidder meeting specification and providing the lowest grand total cost as shown in Schedule "A" – Price Form. The City has issued a companion quote to this RFQ for the provision of Mixed Waste Sorting - Disposal Services (RFQ 6035-11-3215), closing on October 24, 2011. The Successful Bidder of this RFQ for the provision of Roll-Off Container –Haulage Services will not be eligible to receive consideration for Mixed Waste Sorting - Disposal Services RFQ. Shall the successful bidder of this RFQ be the lowest bidder meeting specification of RFQ 6035-11-3215, the award of this RFQ will be granted to the second lowest bidder meeting specification. The first award will first go to the Successful Bidder of RFQ No. 6035-11-3215, for the provision of Mixed Waste Sorting - Disposal Services. It is the intention of the Board to establish two separate contracts with two independent firms for these services. General Requirements The City may upon request, agree to permit other publicly funded organizations within the City of Toronto to purchase against any Contract which may result from this RFQ. The City reserves the right to add or delete City Divisions/Agencies/Boards or Commissions and /or delivery locations during the term of the contract. Disposal of all Waste: The successful bidder shall transport and dump waste filled containers at the facility of the Board's Waste Sortation Services provider, located within thirty (30) km of Exhibition Place. It should be noted that containers removed from Exhibition place are to be dumped within two (2) hours of being picked-up, unless other arrangements have been made. For other recyclable commodities such as glass, cans, metals, wood, cardboard, road sweepings, tires, etc., bidders are to base their pricing assumptions on having to deliver to receiving facilities that are within (Sixty) 60 km of Exhibition Place. Note: Tabor Farms (for Manure) is located at Aurora Road & Ninth Line, Stouffville approx. 75 km from Exhibition Place General Conditions All service shall be coordinated through the offices of Exhibition Place Cleaning Services located on the north side of The Direct Energy Centre at Door 25 on Manitoba Drive. All collective agreements between The Board of Governors of Exhibition Place and its Labour/Trade Unions will require to be recognized for all work at Exhibition Place. The Successful Bidder shall be required to conform and abide by all covenants and agreements in force and effect from time to time between the Board of Governors of Exhibition Place and any union or association. Refer to the attached Fair Wage and Labour Trades Contractual Obligations in the Construction Industry documents. Fair Wage Rates: Roll Off Operator - 21.24/hr + 4% Vacation Pay /hr + $2.26 Fringe Benefits/hr fringe = $24.35/hr Specification Scope of Work for Roll-off Services: Bidders must be able to provide service on a "24-hour 7-day per week" basis. The successful bidder shall be responsible for providing all equipment (with the exception of Board owned or rental compaction containers), personnel and supervision as required to meet the requirements of this agreement. In total, the Board requires approximately five hundred (500) "service lifts" per year with as many as fifteen (15) bidder supplied containers on site at one time, these during the CNE period from the second week of August on till the end of the first week of September. For the annual CNE fair period, continuous haulage service shall be required daily during the midnight shift starting at 12:01 am (Midnight) for all eighteen (18) days of the CNE including four (4) days of per cleaning and seven (7) post cleaning days for a total of twenty nine (29) days. All service shall be coordinated through the offices of Exhibition Place Cleaning Services located on the north side of The Direct Energy Centre at Door 26 on Manitoba Drive. Bidders should note that for each service call (placement of new container or container exchange) the driver is required to report to the Exhibition Place Cleaning Services Office to: Receive direction on where a new container is to placed or exchanged, Pick up an Exhibition Place Disposition Form; and Submit their numbered Call Service receipt, both slips to be signed by driver and Exhibition Place. Both Exhibition Place reference number and firm call number to be recorded on both slips. Upon return, the driver is required to submit an original weight scale receipt hours. The maximum response time shall be within four (4) hours during regular working hours, Mondays through Fridays. Separate arrangements will apply for weekend special event and Canadian National Exhibition services. Containers supplied under this agreement shall be well maintained, i.e.: not rusty or in need of paint and repairs and each container must be permanently numbered. Bidders should note that in addition to the containers that they will be responsible for supplying, the Board has its' own and rental on site compaction containers that will require service. Theses containers must be returned within two (2) hours from time of pick-up. Bidders should be aware that some containers are to remain on site until filled. For greater clarity this means that a container will "sit" and is not be removed until filled, which may span a period of no longer than four (4) weeks. During special events, up to fifteen (15) to twenty (20) times per year, the Board may request up to an additional six (6) containers of various sizes for short-term use. Service requirement schedules will be provided at a minimum of seventy (72) hours in advance of each event. Bin sizes requested may not be substituted for other sizes unless approved by Exhibition Place. If bin size cannot be provided, any addition lift cost shall be waived. The following Exhibition Place locations require service on a year round on an on-going basis as detailed. Locations Requirements Frequency Food Building 1- Compactor * 1 –Compactor* As required BMO Field 2 – Compactors * As required Better Living Centre 2 – Compactors * As required Allstream Centre 1 – Compactors * As required DEC East Loading Dock (Door 19) 1 – 30 yd. Container 1 – Compactor* 1 –Compactor* As required DEC West Loading Dock (Door 52) 1-40 yd bin 1- Compactor* As required DEC North Coliseum (Door 36) Ricoh 1 – Compactor * As required Compound 60 1 – 40 yd. Container (wood) 1 –30 yd. Container (metals) 1 – 40 yd. Container (solid waste) 1 – 14 yd. Container (road sweepings) 1 – 14 yd. Container (sand/concrete) As required * Containers and boxes owned by the Board or on rental from a third party. Please visit URL_TAG for additional information.  MERX asks that you contact the buying agency directly to obtain associated documents.  The contact information can be found within  the notice abstract. 
35517.txt	HealthPRO / Saskatchewan Shared Services Initiative / SAHO Orthopaedic RFP SASKATCHEWAN SHARED SERVICES INITIATIVE / SAHO ORTHOPAEDIC REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL CS02024SC TOTAL & REVISION HIPS CS02026SC TOTAL & REVISION KNEES CS02028SC UNICOMPARTMENTAL KNEE SYSTEM CLOSING DATE AND TIME: WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 2011 @ 12:00 PM E.T. (ENVELOPE 1) FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 2012 @ 12:00 PM E.T. (ENVELOPE 2) PLEASE REFER TO THE ASSOCIATED DOCUMENT(S) FOR FURTHER DETAILS - THANK YOU The posting of public HealthPRO Procurement Services Inc. (HealthPRO) competitive Rfx documents including but not limited to Request for Qualification, Request for Proposal or Advanced Contract Award Notification documents on Alberta Purchasing Connection does not signify that Alberta Health Services (AHS) has or will commit to participate in the posted opportunity. Should AHS choose to participate in the posted opportunity such participation will be subject to existing contracts in place at the time.  Amendments:  DECEMBER 8, 2011 CS02024SC Total & Revision Hips - Envelope 1 - Section 1 & 2 - Clinical Response Amended 3 CS02026SC Total & Revision Knee - Envelope 1 - Section 1 & 2 - Clinical Response - Amended 3 CS02028SC Unicompartmental Knee System - Envelope 1 - Section 1 & 2 - Clinical Response - Amended 3 a. "HIP/KNEE/UNIKNEE PRODUCT SPREADSHEET 2" tab added after "HIP/KNEE/UNIKNEE PRODUCT SPREADSHEET" This spreadsheet displays incumbent information vertically, to allow for more accurate functional equivalent options. Suppliers are requested to fill in both spreadsheets 1 &2. b. "Additional Items" tabs have been revised to provide additional entries in each workbook. c. "CS02026SC…." Spreadsheet adjusted to remove 4.06 and 4.07. (Uni knee line items) d. "CS02028SC…." Uni Knee Product Spreadsheet 1 – column headers in supplier information area (green area to be filled out) have been revised to reflect product information, NOT pricing information CS02024SC Total & Revision Hips - Envelope 2 - Financial Response - Amended 3 CS02026SC Total & Revision Knee - Envelope 2 - Financial Response - Amended 3 CS02028SC Unicompartmental Knee System - Envelope 2 - Financial Response - Amended 3 a. "HIP/KNEE/UNIKNEE PRICING SPREADSHEET 2" tab added after "HIP/KNEE/UNIKNEE PRICING SPREADSHEET" This spreadsheet displays incumbent information vertically, to allow for more accurate functional equivalent options. Suppliers are requested to fill in both spreadsheets 1 &2. b. "Additional Items" tabs have been revised to provide additional entries in each workbook. c. "CS02026SC…." Spreadsheet adjusted to remove 4.06 and 4.07. (Uni knee line items)  DECEMBER 7, 2011 - RFP due date for ENVELOPE 1 has been revised to December 21, 2011 at 12:00PM E.T. (as opposed to December 16, 2011) - Last day for online questions regarding the RFP has been revised to December 19, 2011 at 4:30PM E.T. (as opposed to December 14, 2011) - Site meeting date has been revised to December 21, 2011 at 1:30PM E.T. (as opposed to December 16, 2011) - Plus amendments to the files below: 1. CS02024SC ENVELOPE 1 – SECTION 1 & 2 – CLINICAL RESPONSE CS02026SC ENVELOPE 1 – SECTION 1 & 2 – CLINICAL RESPONSE CS02028SC ENVELOPE 1 – SECTION 1 & 2 – CLINICAL RESPONSE a. "Hip Products Spreadsheet" tab – construct items for each region have been moved accordingly to match with their proper Category/Description b. "Knee Products Spreadsheet" tab – construct items for each region have been moved accordingly to match with their proper Category/Description c. "Additional Items" Tab (all 3 contracts) - revision of RFP due date, changed from December 16 to December 21, 2011 2. CS02024SC ENVELOPE 2 – FINANCIAL RESPONSE CS02026SC ENVELOPE 2 – FINANCIAL RESPONSE CS02028SC ENVELOPE 2 – FINANCIAL RESPONSE a. "Hip Pricing Spreadsheet" tab – construct items for each region have been moved accordingly to match with their proper Category/Description b. "Knee Pricing Spreadsheet" tab – construct items for each region have been moved accordingly to match with their proper Category/Description c. "Additional Items" Tab (all 3 contracts) - revision of RFP due date, changed from December 16, 2011 to January 6, 2012 3. RFP GENERAL DOCUMENT a. RFP Closing Date for Envelope 1 – changed from December 16, 2011 to December 21, 2011 PLEASE REFER TO THE ASSOCIATED DOCUMENT(S) FOR FURTHER DETAILS - THANK YOU. URL_TAG 
29144.txt	Ontario Regional Nurse Coordinator The Royal Canadian Mounted Police requires the services of a Registered Nurse with expertise in occupational health, travel medicine and/or disability case management to act as an Ontario Regional Nurse Coordinator for the International Peace Operations Branch (IPOB). The Ontario Regional Nurse Coordinator will be required to provide regional coordination of per-mission and post-mission Health Fitness Assessments for the province of Ontario. The resulting contract shall be for a period of 1 year with an estimated level of effort of 140 days with the option to extend for six (6) additional 6 month periods with an estimated level of effort of 70 days each. Work will be performed on an "as and when requested" basis.  The RFP Proposals will be evaluated using mandatory and point-rated criteria. To be considered responsive, a proposal must comply with all the requirements of the bid solicitation, meet all mandatory technical evaluation criteria, and obtain an overall score of 65% in the point rated evaluation criteria. The Bid that demonstrates the highest combined technical and financial score, will be recommended for contract award.  Proposed resources must each meet mandatory requirements.  The mandatory criteria are as follows:  The Bidder must provide a Curriculum Vitae (CV) for the proposed resource.  The proposed resource must have an Ontario Provincial Certificate of Nursing registry. Registration Number must be provided. The proposed resource must have a minimum of 5 years experience as a Registered Nurse. The proposed resource must have demonstrated experience as a Registered Nurse in Occupational Health and/or Travel Medicine and/or Disability Case Management The Bidder must submit a completed Mandatory and Point Rated Evaluation of its own proposal. Substantiations must be provided for each criterion. The contractor is required to be security cleared at the level of RCMP Reliability Status as verified by the Personnel Security Unit (PSU) of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP). The Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) will perform an in depth security verification check and security interview on the Contractor submitted.  The Bidder must provide a letter from an insurance broker or an insurance company licensed to operate in Canada stating that the Bidder, if awarded a contract as a result of the bid solicitation, can be insured in accordance with the Insurance Please direct any questions to: Clair Hinther Senior Procurement & Contracting Officer Assets and Procurement Branch 73 Leikin Drive Ottawa, ON, POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: 613-825-0082 E-mail: EMAIL_TAG 
39143.txt	Photocopier Photocopier Administration Building Print Services URL_TAG 
35460.txt	RFP Pre-Notice - Multi Functional Devices Solicitation OECM 2011-145 - 232896 has been cancelled. 
28653.txt	Request for Proposal for Pre-Engineering and Design of Replacement Structure. Request for Proposal for Pre-Engineering and Design of Replacement Structure. Department / Agency Name Transportation and Infrastructure Renewal Closing Closing on Thursday, November 03, 2011 at 02:00 PM AST. Location: Public Tenders Office, 6176 Young Street, Suite 200, Halifax, NS POSTALCODE_TAG Opening Opening on Thursday, November 03, 2011 at 02:30 PM AST. Location: same as close location Posted 14 October 2011 Trade Agreement Agreement on Internal Trade Category Goods: N | Services: Y | Construction: N Pickup Fee N/A Addendum N Addendum Notes  Contact Public Tenders Office ,TelPHONENUMBER_TAG,FaxPHONENUMBER_TAG or Website URL_TAG Memorandum Contact person: Will Crocker, P.Eng., Bridge Maintenance Engineer, PHONENUMBER_TAG Email: EMAIL_TAG There is a mandatory bidders meeting on October 19, 2011 at 9:00 am, at 1672 Granville St, Halifax, Johnston Building, Room 233. Awarded Date  Awarded Amount  Awarded Vendor  Award Memo  Bid Express This tender is listed only on Nova Scotia Procurement Services website.  Note: All amendments to the associated document  are issued by the originator of the RFP.  MERX asks you to contact the government  agency directly for these amendments.  The contact information can be found within  the main tender document. 
27692.txt	Whole-Animal Confocal Microscope The RFP is an invitation to submit offers for the provision of one (1) physiological upright microscope with single photon, field-scanning Confocal (also known as swept field),, capable of high-speed confocal imaging of whole tissue (i.e. thin pancreas tissue explants) or small organism (drosophia, C. elegans, zebrafish), and also whole animal mounts (cells transplanted into the anterior chamber of the eye of a mouse). Imaging must be accomplished to visualize, in real-time, subcellular organelle movement and function that is fluorescently tagged, such as exocytosis and granule fusion with the cell membrane. System should be capable of both slit scanning mode for high speed imaging and pinhole mode for improved axial resolution. Imaging should be possible at the maximum framerate of the camera (30 fps 512x512 or greater). Requirements are described in Appendix E – RFP Particulars – Section A. The Deliverables.  
31227.txt	Opportunity Description: A mandatory site visit is scheduled for Tuesday, November 22, 2011 commencing at 10:00 a.m. at #1 101 2 Avenue NW, Sundre, AB.  B. Project Characteristics  The Sundre arena was originally built as a single sheet artificial ice surface in 1975. The building construction includes glu-lam arches manufactured with ¾" Douglas Fir lamination stocks with cross sectional dimensions measured at 9" wide and 29.25" deep. The arches are three-hinged arch designs, spanning 105' outside dimension and 36' high at the peak from the rink slab and are spaced at 20' apart with 2x8 joists at 14" on centers spanning in between.  The exterior skin includes two layers of ½" plywood sheathings that was originally covered with asphalt shingles on the roof and metal cladding on the walls, except in front of the building where a stucco finish was used. Please refer to the 2010 Wiebe Forest Engineering Sundre Arena Structural Review Report in Appendix A and the 2005 Sveinson Consulting Engineers Ltd. Structural Evaluation in Appendix B.  The roof was recovered with sheet metal in 2011. The building includes wooden bleachers, concrete slab flooring, public washrooms, a referee room, lobby with canteen area, a small office space, 4 main level dressing rooms, 2 mezzanine level gender-specific dressing rooms and a viewing space.  The building has benefitted from several structural improvements and repairs over its thirty plus (30+) life. Many of these improvements have focused on the roof structure.  An analysis of the building is essential to gain a better understanding as to the required mechanical, electrical, and structural renovations that may be fundamental to extend the usable life of the facility for a ten to fifteen year timeframe.  This is a two-stream proposal. One stream of the proposal is to provide architectural and design services for a major renovation to the Sundre Arena that will allow the Town of Sundre to maintain the existing operational season of October through to March and the second stream of the proposal is to provide architectural and design services for a major renovation to the Sundre Arena that will allow the Town of Sundre to offer a year-round operational season. Please refer to the 2009 CIMCO Refrigeration Report in Appendix B.  Core elements of the work to be completed include:  Project plan that enables the Town of Sundre to maintain seasonal operation of the ice arena during construction.  Options for phasing the project.  Options for environmentally sustainable components including the possibility of attaining LEEDS designation.  Identification of opportunities for Green Funding or other environmental related funding grants for the project.  Identification of opportunities for sponsorship.  Estimation of the operational cost impacts of the renovation for the next three years.  Completion of all related construction and tender documents.  Selection and management of the construction contractor.  Possible renovation design may include, but is not limited to the following components:  An upgrade of all mechanical and electrical systems.  A heated concrete slab.  Redesign of the current lobby space allocations.  Addition of a new interior wall and roof metal cladding system.  Upgrades to the landscaping of the property.  Alberta Building, Plumbing, and Electrical Code upgrades to the entire building.  Improvements to the mezzanine area.  It is the responsibility of the Architect, working with Town Administration to assist in the establishment and approval of both draft and final designs. It is understood that community consultation may result in additional space and or amenities being added to the scope of the Project.   There has been discussion surrounding:  Additional dressing rooms  Additional storage space  The addition of a running track  C. Project Delivery  The Town is seeking the most creative strategies to achieve the greatest overall value. Project Management to complete work as it relates to this RFP and the renovation construction is required of the Proponent.  D. Scope of Work  The Architect's team, acting on behalf of the Town, shall conduct the project work in accordance with RAIC Canadian Standard Form of Contract for Architectural Services, Document 6, 2006. The Architect team's scope of work will include, but not be limited to, services as described in the RAIC Standard Form of Contract and negotiated by the Town and the Architect.
35471.txt	STOCKPILING AGGREGATE Tender No. 6182 Stockpiling Aggregate  Minnedosa – Brandon – Boissevain - Killarney Area The work involves supplying, crushing, loading, hauling, and stockpiling aggregate for use on Provincial Roads in the Municipalities of Langford, North Cypress, Saskatchewan, Cornwallis, South Cypress, Oakland, Whitewater, Strathcona, Argyle, Morton, Glenwood and Clanwilliam. Major items of work include:  6 300 t of Stockpiling Traffic Gravel, Class "A"  63 900 t of Stockpiling Traffic Gravel, Class "C" (Modified)  8 000 t of Stockpiling Aggregate for Bituminous Pavement, Class "A" 4 300 t of Stockpiling Seal Coat Cover, Class "A" (Modified)  FOR TECHNICAL INFORMATION CONTACT M. MUSGROVE PHONENUMBER_TAG. TO PURCHASE A TENDER PHONE PHONENUMBER_TAG, OR FAX PHONENUMBER_TAG, prior to payment of $5.35 (non-refundable) made payable to the Minister of Finance of Manitoba and forward to address shown, by return mail. Separate sealed Tender Bids will be received at the address shown, up to 12:00 p.m. Winnipeg time on the Closing Date, at which time and place, Tenders will be opened. Each Tender must be accompanied by a fully executed BID BOND in the amount of 10% of the Tender Price, expressed as a percentage and written on the Department's form or on a form satisfactory to the Minister. A certified cheque WILL NOT be accepted in lieu f a Bid Bond. The lowest or any Tender may not necessarily be accepted. 
35430.txt	Modular Exhibition Display System - Canadian Museum of Civilization Corporation The Canadian Museum of Civilization Corporation (CMCC) is seeking to replace its existing stock of display cases. To that end, the CMCC is seeking a supplier to provide a ready-designed, freestanding, museum-quality, modular exhibition display system. Using an already-designed system, the supplier will produce and deliver to CMCC thirty-eight (38) units of the proposed system or a combintation of units and accessories. There will be a possibility of issuing a Standing Offer Agreement for up to a two year period for future requirements. The thirty-eight (38) units must be delivered on or before March 31st, 2012. 
29167.txt	Airline Group Travel Services The University of Toronto's Summer Abroad program sends groups of students overseas to do undergraduate degree credit courses. In 2011 over 900 students were sent to programs in 17 countries. For some programs the Summer Abroad office arranges for students to fly to their destination as a group. The group flight is optional but many choose to take advantage of this option. The University of Toronto is seeking proposals for return group flights for 10 of its 2012 summer programs.  
37217.txt	IAQ Monitoring & Energy Saving Trade Agreement: Land Claims Set-Aside Policy Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: PROJECT NUMBER: R.004831.001 PROJECT DESCRIPTION: IAQ Monitoring and Energy Saving project. Les Terrasses de la Chaudière, 25 & 15 Eddy Street, 1 Promenade du Portage and 10 Wellington Street, Gatineau, Quebec. Work is to be completed within fifty (50) weeks after contract award. The estimated cost for this opportunity is within the following category: $1,000,001.00 and $5,000,000.00 MANDATORY SECURITY REQUIREMENT: This procurement contains a mandatory security requirement as follows: The Contractor must, at all times during the performance of the Contract, hold a valid Designated Organization Screening (DOS), issued by the Canadian Industrial Security Directorate (CISD), Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC). The Contractor personnel requiring access to sensitive work site(s) must EACH hold a valid RELIABILITY STATUS, granted or approved by CISD/PWGSC. Subcontracts which contain security requirements are NOT to be awarded without the prior written permission of CISD/PWGSC. The Contractor must comply with the provisions of the: (a) Security Requirements Check List and security guide (if applicable), attached at Annex "A";  (b) Industrial Security Manual (Latest Edition). SECURITY CLEARANCE At bid closing, the Bidder must hold a valid Designated Organization Screening (DOS) as indicated in section SC01 of the Supplementary Conditions of the Invitation to Tender document. Failure to comply with this requirement will render the Bid non-compliant and no further consideration will be given to the Bid. The Successful Bidder's personnel, as well as any subcontractor and its personnel, who are required to perform any part of the work pursuant to the subsequent contract must meet the mandatory security requirement as indicated in section SC01 of the Supplementary Conditions of the Invitation to Tender document. Individuals who do not have the required level of security will not be allowed on site. It is the responsibility f the successful bidder to ensure that the security requirements are met throughout the performance of the contract. Canada will not be held liable or accountable for any delays or additional costs associated with the successful bidder's non-compliance with the mandatory security requirement. For any enquiries concerning the project security requirement, during the bidding period, the Bidder must follow the instructions as detailed below in "Enquiries". Additional information on PWGSC security can also be found on the following web site: URL_TAG dialling 1-866-368-4646 (Toll free) OPTIONAL/MANDATORY SITE VISIT: There will be a site visit on December 21, 2011 at 10:00 am. Interested bidders are to meet at Les Terrasses de la Chaudiére, 25 Eddy Street, suite 205, Gatineau Quebec. It is mandatory that all persons attending the site visit have the proper safety footwear, hard hats and safety glasses. Contractor personnel/individuals who do not have the proper safety attire will be denied access to the site. ENQUIRIES: All enquiries are to be submitted to the Contractual Authority: Shawn Nealon tel: PHONENUMBER_TAG, facsimile PHONENUMBER_TAG or by email at EMAIL_TAG Enquiries are to be made in writing and should be received no less than five (5) calendar days prior to the closing date to allow sufficient time to respond. Bid Documents: Standard terms and conditions for this procurement are incorporated by reference into, and form part of, the bid and contract documents. The standard documents are issued by Public Works and Government Services Canada and may be viewed at the following Website: URL_TAG Firms intending to submit bids on this project should obtain bid documents through MERX at URL_TAG Invitation to Tender number. The telephone number for MERX is 1-PHONENUMBER_TAG all across Canada. Amendments, when issued, will be available from MERX. Firms that elect to base their bids on bid documents obtained from other sources do so at their own risk and will be solely responsible to inform the bid calling authority of their intention to bid. Drawings and Specifications are available for viewing and downloading in a Portable Document Format (PDF) or in a standard paper version. Bidders should note that Attachment 1 (ATT 1) contains the Drawings and Specifications Package (DSP) which consist electronic PDF files organized in an industry recognized directory structure. BID RECEIVING: Sealed bids will be received at: Public Works and Government Services Canada, Bid Receiving Unit, Place du Portage, Phase III, Main Lobby Core 0A1, 11 Laurier Street, Gatineau, Quebec, POSTALCODE_TAG. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Nealon, Shawn 11 Laurier St./11 Rue Laurier 3C2, Place du Portage Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
30450.txt	PREQUALIFICATION OF RETORT SUPPLIERS Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: N/A - P&A/LOI Only Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: PRE QUALIFICATION OF RETORT SUPPLIERS THIS IS NOT A LETTER OF INTEREST BUT AN INVITATION TO PRE-QUALIFY Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) is implementing a pre-qualification process in order to establish a list of Pre Qualified Retort Contractors for its annual procurement to supply Entrées, Fruits and Desserts in accordance with Department of National Defence (DND) D-85-001-069/SF-002 dated 92-06-26, Specification for Meat, Poultry, Fruit and Baked Dessert Products in Retort Pouches. Items are required for the production of an operational meal pack for Canadian Forces Personnel serving overseas as well as in Canada. There are typically 6 breakfast items, 6 lunch items, 6 supper items, 8 fruit items and 4 dessert items. In order to pre qualify in participating in the Combat Ration Program, contractors will be required to demonstrate that their products conform to the three year shelf life requested in specification D-85-001-069/SF-002 dated 1992-6-26, Specification for Meat, Poultry, Fruit and Baked Dessert Products in Retort Pouches. The products will then have to successfully undergo the accelerated shelf life testing performed by/for DND prior to their acceptance. Once the products have successfully completed the accelerated shelf life testing, the products will be presented during field trials for soldier tasting sessions for organoleptic evaluation to establish product acceptability by the users. Also, until a contractor reaches a satisfactory level of confidence with its production, any new products will have to undergo accelerated shelf life testing before being included in the soldier tasting session. Satisfactory level of confidence with the production means that a contractor has developed a minimum of 10 accepted products and has demonstrated during the product development process that it can rapidly develop a new formula. The contractor will also have to demonstrate to DND that it has or will have the capability to produce effectively a minimum of one million pouches of entrées and fruit pouches totaling two million pouches within a six (6) to eight (8) month period. The registration of a contractor on the list of Pre Qualified Retort Contractors will enable it to tender for future retort contracts. Trade Agreement Exemptions - This requirement falls under Federal Supply Classification (FSC) Code 89 and is exempt from the provisions of WTO-AGP and NAFTA (as per General exceptions WTO-AGP Agreement and Annex 1001.lb-1, Section B of NAFTA respectively) but is subject to AIT. However, this procurement is subject to the National Security Exception and is excluded from the trade agreements in accordance with Article 1804 of the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) in support of Canada's military operations. All requests for information concerning the pre-qualification process must be addressed to: Jacynthe Tremblay Public Works and Government Services Canada Commercial and Consumer Products Directorate Place du Portage, Phase III, 6B3 11 Laurier Street Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Tel: 819-934-0768 Fax: 819-956-7356 E-mail: jacynthe.tremblay @tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca Requests for information may be submitted in either official language of Canada.  Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Tremblay(pd), Jacynthe 11 Laurier St. / 11 rue Laurier 6B3, Place du Portage Phase III Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37233.txt	War of 1812: Final Design, Build and Graphic Production The Canadian War Museum (CWM) requires the services of a proponent to do the final and detailed design, based on current preliminary design, for a temporary exhibition on the War of 1812 and to fabricate and install the exhibition structures, furniture, cases, and graphic elements, specified according to fixed deadlines and budget. The exhibition will contain approximately 150 original artifacts, 4 mannequins and 3 models and 7 audio-visual and new media elements. The exhibition will be presented at the McCrae Gallery at the CWM in Ottawa, from June 14, 2012 to January 6, 2013. Tentatively entitled "Four Wars of 1812", the exhibition will weave together multiple perspectives on the conflict to produce a dramatic new account of the war. This exhibition will premiere at the War Museum in June 2012 and is but one of a number of projects the CWM is producing on the subject. These other projects include small to medium size travelling exhibits, a publication, a virtual exhibition and educational programs and events. 
34313.txt	TOWED ARRAY Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TOWED ARRAY W7707-125465/A Taylor, Kathie Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Department of National Defence, DRDC Atlantic, has a requirement for one (1) Towed high-frequency Directional Receive Array. Full technical requirement forms part of the Request for Proposals. Delivery is required by March 31, 2012. This office provides service to the public in english. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Taylor, Kathie 1713 Bedford Row Halifax, N.S./Halifax, (N.É.) POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39126.txt	Air Conditioner Components The competition detail and documents are currently available at https://URL_TAG6f5f752 The Government of Saskatchewan is conducting a competition for the acquisition for air conditioner components. Shelley Martin 
35503.txt	West End Mudslide - Cypress Hills Provincial Park Alberta Tourism, Parks and Recreation is seeking bids to supply all labour, equipment and materials necessary to remove land slide material located on and beside Lakeview Drive, Elkwater, Alberta and transport this material 4 kilometres to a designated disposal site within Cypress Hills Inter-Provincial Park. The contract will also include the regrading and reshaping of the slopes and ditches as per the consultants drawings. URL_TAG 
31208.txt	Addendum No. 1 Issued October 27, 2011   See "Supplier Attachment" INVITATION TO TENDER DATE OF ISSUE: October 17, 2011 Tender No. 89016 Golden Drive Watermain Replacement The City of Coquitlam (the "City") invites Tenders for Contract 89016 - Gol den Drive Watermain Replacement, generally consisting of the following: - Supply & Installation of approximately 400 meters of 300mm diameter DR 18 PVC pipe on Golden Drive and North Bend including Service Connections, Hydrant s, and Tie-ins; - All Asphalt, concrete, and boulevard restoration works; - Other miscellaneous and incidental works as contained in the Contract Doc uments. Tender Documents are available for downloading from the City of Coquitlam w ebsite: URL_TAG Hard copies of the Tender Documents may also be obtained upon request by em ail: citypurchas EMAIL_TAG or phone 604-927-3060, and are available for a non-refundable fee of $100.00 each set including HST, payable to the City of Coquitlam, du ring normal business hours at:  Coquitlam City Hall Finance Counter Main Floor 3000 Guildford Way Coquitlam BC POSTALCODE_TAG Sealed Tenders submitted must be accompanied by the specified Bid Bond and will be received at: City of Coquitlam c/o Reception Desk - Main Floor 3000 Guildford Way Coquitlam, BC POSTALCODE_TAG On or Before 2:00 p.m., Tuesday, November 1, 2011 Or, electronically transmitted Tenders will be accepted on or before the Cl sing Date and Time if sent to: email: city EMAIL_TAG or Fax no: 604-927-3035 Tenders will not be opened in public. Information on unevaluated Tender re sults will be forwarded on Tender Day to all participants, by email or fax unless otherwi se requested. Addenda Tenderers are required to check the Trudeau, Deana City of Coquitlam 3000 Guildford Way Coquitlam British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Contact : Trudeau, Deana Région(s) concernée(s) : BC Adresse Web : URL_TAG
39204.txt	Coveralls ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Procurement Services Branch DATE ISSUED: 29/12/2011 ISSUED BY: Chuck Bright TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG NOTE: For INFORMATION or item clarification, if required, CONTACT: C. Bright - phone PHONENUMBER_TAG. F.O.B Destination Prepaid Please contact the individual noted above if additional information r clarification is required on the following items. Bidder to indicate if you are able to meet the requested delivery date of January 30, 2012 yes   OR no   If NO, then indicate a realistic delivery as follows: Delivery in   working days or  weeks from receipt of the order Associated Components The Request for Quotation (RFQ) document must be ordered/purchased from MERX to be considered. To obtain the official RFQ document please follow the link at the top of this page. Associated Components: Preview / Order General Terms & Conditions Bidders must login to MERX to access the General Terms & Conditions which apply to this RFQ in addition to those shown below After login follow these links: Information Government Publications-Manitoba Terms & Conditions-Request for Quotations If you have faxed your quote to PSB and wish to confirm that all pages have been received please call our general inquiry line PHONENUMBER_TAG Vendor#s e-mail address: (if available)   Quantity clarification: quantity listed contains 2 or 3 decimals SPECIAL NOTE: To avoid bid disqualification please comply with the instructions in the following sections: - PURCHASE OF CLOTHING FROM RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS - RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER#S CERTIFICATION  ITEM QTY DESCRIPTION DELIVERY NO. DATE ======================================================== ITEM 10 30/01/2012 51.000 Pair GSIN: N8405MATERIAL: 58363 OVERALL, BIB STYLE, 100% COTTON, TWO WAY ZIPPER FRONT CLOSURE, TWO PATCH POCKETS, SLASH AND FRONT POCKETS, BACK PATCH POCKET, HAMMER LOOP, COLOUR HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COMPLETE WITH 2 INCH 3M SILVER REFLECTIVE TAPE, MUST MEET THE REQUIREMENTS AS OUTLINED IN ATTACHED MANITOBA SPECIFICATION 785-05-0007. RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS CERTIFICATION REQUIRED LOCATION OF MANUFACTURE: (refer to explanation at the end of this document) Factory Name:   Factory address:   (city):   (country):   (the country noted in the factory address must match the country noted n the label of the product offered) Additional information, if applicable: If the item offered is manufactured using more than one factory to complete all of the processes or is manufactured using sub-contractors for some or all of the processes then each facility is to be identified. The information can be itemized on the Bidder#s company letterhead and attached to the bid. The attachment is to identify the Solicitation number, the item and the name and address (including street address, city and country ) of the factory and production facilities used in the manufacturer and assembly of the item offered. Additional information attached to your quote: Yes   (or) No   SIZES REQUIRED: 44R 1 EA 46R 6 EA 46T 1 EA 48R 5 EA 48T 9 EA 50R 4 EA 50T 4 EA 52R 2 EA 52T 2 EA 54S 2 EA 54R 5 EA 54T 1 EA 56T 6 EA 60T 3 EA ======================================================== ITEM 20 30/01/2012 57.000 Pair GSIN: N8415MATERIAL: 58364 COVERALL, PREMIUM 100% COTTON "DUCK" CANVAS, WITH REFLECTIVE TAPE, PRE-SHRUNK, 3/4 INCH 3M #8910 REFLECTIVE GREY TAPING, 2 INCH YELLOW HIGH VISABILITY POLYESTER MESH, YKK #5 BRASS TWO WAY ZIPPER, FRONT SWING POCKETS, SIDE VENT OPENINGS, REINFORCED BACK POCKETS, ONE PIECE BI-FOLD BACK, ADJUSTABLE "RUN-OFF" SLEEVES, RULER POCKET, HI-VIS FLUORESCENT ORANGE COLOR, CSA Z96 GUIDELINES COMPLIANT, MSUT MEET THE REQUIREMENTS AS OUTLINED IN ATTACHED MANITOBA SPECIFICATION 785-05-0006. RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS CERTIFICATION REQUIRED LOCATION OF MANUFACTURE: (refer to explanation at the end of this document) Factory Name:   Factory address:   (city):   (country):   (the country noted in the factory address must match the country noted n the label of the product offered) Additional information, if applicable: If the item offered is manufactured using more than one factory to complete all of the processes or is manufactured using sub-contractors for some or all of the processes then each facility is to be identified. The information can be itemized on the Bidder#s company letterhead and attached to the bid. The attachment is to identify the Solicitation number, the item and the name and address (including street address, city and country ) of the factory and production facilities used in the manufacturer and assembly of the item offered. Additional information attached to your quote: Yes   (or) No   SIZES REQUIRED: 44R 3 EA 46R 6 EA 46T 1 EA 48R 5 EA 48T 11 EA 50R 4 EA 50T 5 EA 52R 4 EA 52T 2 EA 54R 5 EA 54T 1 EA 56T 7 EA 60T 3 EA ======================================================== QUOTATION EVALUATION: Generally the lowest overall price of an acceptable item in accordance with the terms & conditions of the RFQ will be awarded the order. Quotations will be evaluated based on: Product offered compared to product description/specifications requested ,delivery, price, quality of the bidder's performance in past awards and Failure to provide adequate information to evaluate the item offered may be cause for rejection of your quote. ASSIGNMENT: The Contractor shall not assign or transfer the Agreement or any of the rights or obligations under the Agreement without first obtaining written permission from Manitoba. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, refuse to grant such permission. TERMINATION Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, immediately terminate a purchase rder/contract in writing if: a) the vendor fails to properly fulfill, perform, satisfy and carry out each and every one of its obligations under the purchase order/contract, r b) the vendor fails or refuses to comply with a verbal or written request or direction from Manitoba within three(3) days of receiving the request or direction; or c) the vendor become bankrupt or insolvent or liquidates; or d) a receiver, trustee or custodian is appointed for the assets of the vendor, or any partner thereof; or e) the vendor or any partner thereof makes a compromise, arrangement, or assignment with or for the benefit of the creditors of the vendor or of that partner, as the case may be; or f) the vendor fails to secure or renew any license or permit for the vendors business required by law; or any such license or permit is revoked or suspended; or g) the vendor or any partner, officer or director of the vendor is found guilty of an indictable offence; or h )the vendor fails to comply with any law or regulation relating to the employment of its employees; or i) the vendor at any time engages in any activities or trade practices which, in the opinion of Manitoba, are prejudicial to the interests of Manitoba, or a department or agency thereof; or j) there is a breach of any provision of the purchase order/contract. k) the goods provided by the vendor are not according to the contract or therwise unsatisfactory; or l) the services provided by the vendor are unsatisfactory, inadequate, r are improperly performed; or m) the vendor has failed to meet the delivery date indicated on the purchase order/contract or repeatedly failed to meet the delivery lead time, indicated on the purchase order/contract. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, terminate the purchase rder/contract at any time by giving at least 30 days written notice to the vendor prior to the intended termination date. This termination may be used for those instances where there are program changes, funding changes, etc. All purchases by Manitoba under the purchase rder/contract are subject to and expressly conditional upon the Legislature of Manitoba duly appropriating funds to the fiscal year in which they are required to be paid. For the multi-year contracts the RFQ/contract term "fiscal year" means the period commencing April 1st of ne year and ending on March 31st of the next ensuing year. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD FOR "GOODS WITH RELATED SERVICES" DEFINITIONS: "Aboriginal Business" means a business that is at least 51% aboriginal wned and controlled and, if it has six or more full-time employees, at least one-third of its employees must be Aboriginal persons. "Aboriginal Business Directory" means a business directory of Aboriginal businesses that meet Manitoba's definition of an Aboriginal business. 'Aboriginal Business Standard" means terms and conditions that indicate that Aboriginal business participation is desirable but not mandatory. "Aboriginal Person" means a First Nations, Non-status Indian, Métis or Inuit person who is a Canadian citizen and resident of Canada. ABORIGINAL PROCUREMENT INITIATIVE Manitoba is committed to community economic development as a key component of its economic strategy. It intends to develop a provincial economy that is more inclusive, equitable and sustainable. Procurement practices are one means that can be used to contribute to the growth of Aboriginal businesses. In that regard, Manitoba developed the Aboriginal Procurement Initiative (API). The objective of API is to increase the participation of Aboriginal businesses in providing goods and services to Manitoba. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD Aboriginal participation is desired but bids will not be disqualified if there is no Aboriginal business participation. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS DIRECTORY Manitoba has established a directory of Aboriginal businesses called the "Aboriginal Business Directory". This directory is a list of Aboriginal businesses (including non profit organizations and economic development corporations) that have self declared as an Aboriginal Business meeting that definition under the API. It is neither comprehensive nor exhaustive but may be a useful resource to identifying Aboriginal businesses for potential partnering or sub-contracting purposes. Aboriginal businesses not listed in the Directory may also be used. Registration in the Aboriginal Business Directory does not guarantee certification as an Aboriginal business, as business status may change; therefore formal certification is required in the formal tender process. Aboriginal businesses are encouraged to register by contacting Procurement Services Branch. For further information on the aboriginal Business Directory, registration forms and access to a copy of the Aboriginal Business Directory please see the following website: URL_TAG For specific inquires related to the Aboriginal Business Directory please contact: Mark Freedman Vendor Relations Coordinator Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation 2nd Floor - 270 Osborne Street N. Winnipeg, Manitoba Ph: 204-945-0826 Fax: 204-945-1455 Email: EMAIL_TAG For all other general inquiries related to this tender opportunity, please contact the name of the individual(s) identified on page one of this tender document. PRODUCT OFFERED All merchandise offered must be first quality. The product offered must meet the requirements and expectations for its intended use If it is your intention to offer an item, which does not meet all the specs/description as outlined, then you must indicate all intended deviations or changes on the return quote. Any product offered may require testing prior to acceptance. If required, you may be requested to submit a sample or samples of any product offered, for evaluation prior to the award of the contract. The sample or samples are to be provided at no cost to Manitoba and may be tested up to and including destruction. Failure to provide an acceptable sample will be cause for rejection of your quote PURCHASE OF CLOTHING FROM RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS Manitoba would like to promote the awareness and understanding of humane working conditions and employment standards by its vendors. As such Manitoba will purchase clothing which is manufactured in a responsible manner according to Manitoba#s Purchase of Clothing from Responsible Manufacturers policy A responsible manner is defined as - In accordance with all laws applicable in the jurisdiction of their production - In accordance with minimum labour rights set out in this policy The Policy is available on the PSB website URL_TAG If clarification required contact: C.Bright # phone PHONENUMBER_TAG For items marked Responsible Manufacturer#s Certification Required the Bidder must certify that to the best of its knowledge, the manufacturer and sub-contractors for the item offered are in compliance with all applicable local labour laws in the location in which the item is manufactured and assembled, and with Manitoba#s minimum labour rights identified in Manitoba#s Purchase of Clothing from Responsible Manufacturers policy. The Bidder is required to provide the Location of Manufacture information requested, as explained under the Responsible Manufacturers Certification section below. Failure to provide the information shall result in bid disqualification f that item and that item shall receive no further consideration. Manitoba reserves the right to ask for proof of compliance and may inspect working conditions at any time (or request independent verification of compliance). Vendors must maintain sufficient records to substantiate compliance. RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURER#S CERTIFICATION - all bidders intending to bid on the items marked Responsible Manufacturer#s Certification Required must provide the Location of Manufacture information requested. - failure to provide the location of manufacture information requested shall result in bid disqualification of that item and that item shall receive no further consideration. - the information provided by the successful bidder will be made public. - the Bidder who signs the bid document is also agreeing to the Certification section detailed below. Location of Manufacture: If the item offered is manufactured using more than one factory to complete the item offered or by using sub-contractors for some or all of the processes then each facility is to be identified. Bidders are to provide the name and address of each of the factories and production facilities used in the manufacturer and assembly of each item ffered as follows: Manufacturer#s/Factory name and Factory address (including street address, city and country) This information can be entered as follows: - if the item offered is manufactured using only one factory for the complete process, then the factory information can be entered under the phrase Responsible Manufacturer#s Certification Required for the item offered OR - if the item offered is manufactured using more than one factory to complete all of the processes or is manufactured using sub-contractors for some or all of the processes then each facility is to be identified. The information can be itemized on the Bidder#s letterhead and attached to the bid. The attachment is to identify the Solicitation number, the item and the name and address (including street address, city and country) of the factory and production facilities used in the manufacturer and assembly f the item offered. Certification: I hereby certify that, for the items noted with the phrase Responsible Manufacturer#s Certification Required the Bidder and any listed Manufacturer /Subcontractor/Assembler meet, and will continue to meet throughout the duration of any contract resulting from this tender, the requirements to be certified as a Responsible Manufacturer, as defined in Manitoba#s Purchase of Clothing from Responsible Manufacturers policy, which I have read and understand. I agree that the Bidder will immediately furnish to Manitoba, n request, evidence to corroborate this Certification. I understand that civil consequences of making an untrue statement in this Certification or failing to produce satisfactory evidence to Manitoba regarding this Certification may include: disqualification of the Bidder from participating in future contracts; and/or termination of any contract resulting from this tender. The signature of the Authorized representative of the Bidder who signs the bid document is also agreeing to the above certification. QUALITY / ACCEPTABILITY All merchandise offered must be first quality, no substandard or imperfects will be accepted. Any product supplied which upon inspection or use, is deemed by the using department to be unacceptable for the intended use will be returned for full credit or replacement at no cost to the Manitoba Government or the contract may be cancelled. Products to be supplied as specified on the contract/purchase order. Any substitutes shipped without prior written approval will be rejected at time of delivery or held at shippers risk pending return instructions. F.O.B. DESTINATION DESTINATION FREIGHT PREPAID (unit prices - include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance, handling etc.) ( if not included please explain in detail any/all charges which will be extra to prices quoted) VENDOR INFORMATION: AUTHORIZED VENDOR: Manitoba reserves the right, prior to any contract award, to secure evidence to Manitoba's satisfaction that any bidder is the manufacturer r an authorized distributor, dealer or retailer of the goods offered and is authorized to sell these goods in Manitoba, Canada and upon request will provide Manitoba with written evidence thereof. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE ADDRESS Due to our computerized accounts payable system please advise if your invoice address (accounts receivable) is the same as the address for rders / quotes shown above YES   or NO   If NO provide complete details i.e. box #, street address, city, province, postal code, etc.  MANITOBAS RETAIL SALES TAX LICENSE Are you licensed by Manitoba Finance to collect and remit Manitobas Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO  If NO disregard the following paragraph. MANITOBAS RETAIL SALES TAX Is the product(s) offered subject to Manitobas Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO   If the quote consists of both taxable (T) and non-taxable ( NT) items please indicate T or NT opposite each item offered. YOUR QUOTATION REFERENCE # ( if applicable)   Proposed Delivery Address: Northern Airports 20 Gay Street Thompson, MB. POSTALCODE_TAG Attention: Bill Cordell Ph: 204-679-5411 TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO: Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation 2nd Flr - 270 Osborne St. N. Winnipeg, MB, Canada POSTALCODE_TAG r) Fax quote to PHONENUMBER_TAG 
33561.txt	Triple Combination Pumper Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Amendment 001 is raised to extend the closing date from 05 January 2012 to 12 January 2012.   The closing date is extended to 12 January 2012. TRIPLE COMBINATION PUMPER W8476-123418/A Pearson, Neil Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG QUANTITY ITEM 001 - Qty - 1 - TRIPLE COMBINATION PUMPER In accordance with DND Purchase Description, Delivered Duty Paid (DDP) to CFB Valcartier, Courcelette Quebec. ITEM 002 - Qty - 1 - TRIPLE COMBINATION PUMPER In accordance with DND Purchase Description, Delivered Duty Paid (DDP) to CFB Suffield, Suffield Alberta. ITEM 003 - Qty - 1 - TRIPLE COMBINATION PUMPER In accordance with DND Purchase Description, Delivered Duty Paid (DDP) to CFB Halifax, Halifax Nova Scotia. ITEM 004 - Optional Quantity (Up to 3) TRIPLE COMBINATION PUMPER in accordance with DND Purchase Description, FCA Free Carrier at Contractor's Canadian facility or Contractor's Canadian distribution point. Option may be exercised by DND/PWGSC within Twenty Four (24) months from the date of contract award.  DELIVERY Item 001 to 003 is desireable on or before 30 March 2012 Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Pearson, Neil 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 7A2, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35520.txt	Prequalification of General Contractors and Mechanical and Electrical Subcontractors Request for Pre-qualifications This is a call for Pre-qualifications for General Contractor and Mechanical and Electrical Subcontractors for an interiors renovation in downtown Toronto Organization: Collège Boréal Project Location: 1 Yonge St., 3rd floor, Toronto, Ontario The pre-qualification documentation must be delivered to the address noted below no later than 2:00 PM local time on Thursday, December 15, 2011, marked to the attention of: George Friedman Architect George Friedman 196 Spadina Ave., Suite 201 Toronto, ON POSTALCODE_TAG Collège Boréal relies on this advertisement to notify you of this business opportunity andit is not obligated to notify past or present vendors, contractors, or service providers in any other manner. 
28636.txt	Opportunity Description: AHS is looking to purchase a variety Battery Operated, Electric and Pneumatic Surgical Tools. 
37337.txt	MOTOR,ALTERNATING CURRENT Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Attachment: YES (PWGSC) Diskette Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: MOTOR,ALTERNATING CURRENT The Department of National Defence has a requirement for 120 Alternating Current Motors to be delivered to 2 destinations: CFB Esquimalt, BC and Halifax, Nova Scotia by October 28, 2011. Line 1 GSIN: 6105 DESCRIPTION: Motor, Alternating Current NSN: 6105-01-245-6772 QTY: 60 DELIVERY: See Herein Line 2 GSIN: 6105 DESCRIPTION: Motor, Alternating Current NSN: 6105-01-245-6772 QTY: 60 DELIVERY: See Herein Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Picco, Patti 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37222.txt	SUPPLY HARMONIZED TRAINING Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Suppliers on permanent list or able to meet qualification requirements Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: EN578-122154/A SUPPLY HARMONIZED TRAINING This requirement is for: Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC). This requirement is open only the following Learning Services Supply Arrangement E60ZH-070003 SA Holders. Eligible Suppliers: Advanced Educational Corporation Modis Canada and XIA Systems, in joint venture Atlantis Systems Corporation Bluedrop Performance Learning Calian Ltd, and dominKnow Learning Systems, in joint venture Corporate Communications Interactive Friesen, Kaye and Associates, KLA Visual Porductions, and Real Decoys Ltd, in joint venture GevcInteractive IBM Canada Ltd Olivus Inc. Pensivo Inc. Prospero Learning Solutions Technologies for Learning Group The VCAN Group, D.J. Multimedia Inc, in joint venture Description of the requirement: The Department of Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) has a requirement to develop a harmonized training program on PWGSC's Professional Services Methods of Supply over a period of 3 years that is modular in approach and will allow the applicable user community to access the specific training when it is needed. Proposed period of contract: The period of the Contract is from date of Contract to March 31, 2015 inclusive. All enquiries must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Authority no later than five (5) calendar days before the bid closing date. Enquiries received after that time may not be answered. Contracting Authority Contact: Josée Bastien Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Email: EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Bastien, Josée 4C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29162.txt	Naden 30 Renovate Courtroom DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – #ES118963– Naden 30 Renovate Courtroom, CFB Esquimalt, BC. The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment necessary for Naden 30 renovate courtroom at CFB Esquimalt, British Columbia. Those wishing to obtain a set of Plans & Specifications for this project must place an order with MERX by logging on their website: URL_TAG THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. An opportunity to visit the site will be held at the following date, time and location. It is highly recommended that bidders attend this site meeting. Date: October 17, 2011 Time: 10:00 a.m. local time Location: CFB Esquimalt Naden Gate Bidders are asked to contact the Esquimalt site office at 250-363-5038 by noon on October 14, 2011 to confirm your intention to attend the site visit. The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $397,000.00 Bidders are advised that bid and contract security is required when the advertised project budget (estimated cost for this opportunity) is greater than $100,000.00. Refer to the Instructions to Tenderers (Form DCL193 (R-07-08)), paragraph 4. This procurement follows tendering procedures in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Agreement on Internal Trade.  The tender closing date is: October 25, 2011 The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time. Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: Vancouver Island Construction Association 1075 Alston Street Victoria, British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Fax No.:. PHONENUMBER_TAG Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association.  Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the Bid Opening Office and from the DCC Site at telephone 250-363-5038. Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact anyone other than the DCC Contracting Authority to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS -VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG 
39113.txt	Engineering Services for Roofing  This requirement is for the Design, provision of technical drawings and specifications suitable for tender, construction supervision and inspection for the completion of the replacement of the existing roof. Review the existiong building roof areas and drawings. Recommend economical solutions to the owner and take precautions to prevent or minimize disruption to the building occupants as the building will be occupied as work is performed. 
33393.txt	Gas Sensors Inspection, Cold Lake, Alberta Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: For the supply of all labour, materials, tools, equipment, transportation, and supervision necessary for the repair, inspection and verification of operation, of all Gas Sensors for the Department of National Defence (DND), 4 Wing Cold Lake, Cold Lake, Alberta as required in accordance with the terms and conditions contained in the Request For a Standing Offer for the period of three years, (estimated), from date of authorization. The Standing Offer period is subject to completion of security clearance. This Standing Offer contains a security requirement. This PWGSC office provides procurement service to the public in English. E:mail address: EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Selinger, Dale Telus Plaza North/Plaza Telus Nord 10025 Jasper Ave./10025 ave Jasper 5th floor/5e étage Edmonton Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28955.txt	Project Director and Support Services for the New School of Architecture Laurentian University is issuing this Request for Proposals ("RFP") for the purpose of securing Project Director and Support Services required for the New School of Architecture (the "Project"). 
39182.txt	CYLINDER Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: CYLINDER W8482-120766/A Item 1, NSN:6350219027464, CYLINDER P/N: 13051 NSCM: 36575 (Airchime MFG Co Ltd, Surrey, BC) Quantity:20, Unit of Issue:Each Item 2, NSN:6350219027464, CYLINDER P/N: 13051 NSCM: 36575 (Airchime MFG Co Ltd, Surrey, BC) Quantity:15, Unit of Issue:Each Alternate P/N's and NSCM's will be considered. All items are to be shipped to CFB Esquimalt, Victoria, BC and HMC Dockyard, Halifax, NS prior to March 30, 2012. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Lee, Carlos 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37210.txt	REPAIR AND OVERHAUL AND OTHER SUPPORT SERVICES FOR SMALL BOATS Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: Generally only one firm has been invited to bid Attachment: None Non-Competitive Procurement Strategy: Exclusive Rights Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Vendor Name and Address: Zodiac Hurricane Technologies Inc 7830 Vantage Way Delta British Columbia Canada POSTALCODE_TAG Nature of Requirements: REPAIR AND OVERHAUL AND OTHER SUPPORT SERVICES FOR SMALL BOATS W8482-129012/A Pitt-Stevens, Linda Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG The Department of National Defense (DND) has a requirement for Repair and Overhaul and other support services for its Small Boats (Rigid Hull Inflatable Boats and Inflatable boats) and Related Equipment for the boats and related equipment set out below. Other support services include a requirement to perform inspections, testing, modifications, changes, disposal, trials, training, Special Investigation Technical Studies, Field Service Representatives/Mobile Repair Parties (FSR/MRP) and Technical Investigation and Engineering Support. BOAT, INFLATABLE NSN 1940-21-904-5616 BOAT, INFLATABLE NSN 1940-21-909-1012 * BOAT LANDING, INFL NSN 1940 -21-864-9409 * RIB NSN 1940-21-904-5497 * RIB AJ NSN 1940-21-913-8063 * RIB P (C) NSN 1940-21-904-5219 RIB 440-OB NSN 1940-21-904-5473 * RIB 472-OB NSN 1940-21-910-6907 * RIB 530-OB NSN 1940-21-904-5423 * RIB 540-OB NSN 1940-21-909-5354 * RIB 590-CUDDY-OB NSN 1940-21-904-5608 * RIB 590-T/OB NSN 1940-21-904-5475 * RIB H753 NSN 1940-20-A0D-1642 * RIB RB6RC NSN 1940-21-913-8046 * RIB SEA RESCUE (SR2) NSN 1940-20-921-0169 * BOAT, RIGID INF, SR2A NSN 1940-20-006-3089 * RIB HMCS QUEST NSN 1940-21-920-8822 * 10 MAN SEA RESCUE NSN 1940-21-896-1378 * 6 MAN INFLAT, MAT NSN 1940-21-896-1379 * 12 MAN ASSAULT BOAT NSN 1940-21-900-2845 * 2 MAN RECON NSN 1940-21-900-2674 CUTTER, AREA COM. NSN 1940-20-001-6653 BOAT, SAILING, KEEL NSN 1940-21-896-1615 LANDING CRAFT 24' NSN 1905-21-920-5656 LANDING CRAFT NSN 1905-21-595-7012 QHM POLLUTION CTR NSN 1905-21-909-1310 DIVING TENDER 11.8M NSN 1905-21-913-2504 DIVING TENDER 12M NSN 1940-21-913-7988 SAR BOAT NSN 1940-21-914-5433 WORK BOAT NSN 1940-21-800-5428 RACK ELECTRICAL NSN 5975-20-001-0747 * MARINE WATERJET NSN 2010-21-921-1780 MARINE WATERJET NSN 2010-20-001-1026 TUBE SET BOAT NSN 3010-21-904-5692 * TUBE SET BOAT NSN 1940-21-913-2929 * ENGINE DIESEL, VOL NSN 2815-01-410-8532 ENGINE DIESEL, CAT NSN 2815-01-466-9284 DRIVE UNIT, HYDRAULIC NSN 3010-01-288-3311 PROPELLER, MARINE NSN 2010-01-415-8046 PROPELLER, MARINE NSN 2010-20-003-3549 * indicate Intellectual Property Rights apply. The resultant Contractor shall have two repair facilities, one n each coast of Canada and should have access to facilities elsewhere in Canada to carry out repairs to the boats and related equipment. The purpose of this Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) is to signal the government's intention to award a contract for these services to Zodiac Hurricane Technologies Inc. Before awarding a contract, however, the government would like to provide other suppliers with the opportunity to demonstrate that they are capable of satisfying the requirements set out in this Notice, by submitting a statement of capabilities during the 15 calendar day posting period. If other potential suppliers submit a statement of capabilities during the 15 calendar day posting period that meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, the government will proceed to a full tendering process on either the government's electronic tendering service or through traditional means, in order to award the contract. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a statement of capabilities meeting the requirements set out in the ACAN, a contract will be awarded to the pre-selected supplier. The Limited Tendering Approach is in accordance with: (a) Government Contracts Regulations, Part (1), Section 6, (d); (b) AIT, Article 506, para 12 (a); (c) NAFTA, Article 1001.1B-2, Section B. Para J019; (d) WTO-AGP, Appendix 1, Annex 4, Note 4 shipbuilding and repair and related architectural and engineering services Proposed Contractor: Zodiac Hurricane Technologies Inc. 7830 Vantage Way Delta, British Columbia, POSTALCODE_TAG CANADA Contract Period: The Contract period will be from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2015 inclusively with option to extend by two (2) additional one (1) year period. Minimum Essential Requirements Any interested supplier must demonstrate by way of a statement f capabilities that they have legal right to work on Zodiac Hurricane manufactured boats and related equipment. Justification for the Pre-Selected Supplier Zodiac Hurricane is the Original Equipment Manufacturer and hold the proprietary and intellectual property rights to all related production drawings, bill of materials, spare parts lists, manuals and test procedures for the boats and related equipment identified by asterisk (*) in the listing above. Since 1997 Zodiac Hurricane has performed repair and/overhaul work on DND's small boats. In 2000 and 2006, Zodiac Hurricane submitted the nly bid for this work and was subsequently awarded the contract which expires 31 March 2012. Inquiries and Submission of Statements of Capabilities Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to meet the specified requirements may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the Contracting Authority identified in this notice on or before the closing date of this notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The closing date for accepting statements of capabilities is December 28, 2011. Inquiries and statements of capabilities are to be directed to: Linda Pitt-Stevens Acquisitions Branch Marine Sector - Marine Systems Directorate Ship Refits Division Place du Portage, Phase III - 6C2 11 Laurier Street Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone: 819-956-8822 Email: EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned You are hereby notified that the government intends to negotiate with one firm only as identified above. Should you have any questions concerning this requirement, contact the contracting fficer identified above. An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows departments and agencies to post a notice, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that it intends to award a good, service or construction contract to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. Suppliers who consider themselves fully qualified and available to provide the services/goods described herein, may submit a statement of capabilities in writing to the contact person identified in this Notice on or before the closing date of this Notice. The statement of capabilities must clearly demonstrate how the supplier meets the advertised requirements. The PWGSC file number, the contracting officer's name and the closing date of the ACAN must appear on the outside of the envelope in block letters or, in the case of a facsimile transmission, on the covering page. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Pitt-Stevens, Linda 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 6C2, Place du Portage Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Facsimile No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG 
37874.txt	Truck, Class 8, Flat Deck with Crane Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TRUCK, CLASS 8, FLAT DECK WITH CRANE W8476-123374/A Cafferty, Kathy Telephone No - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG E-Mail - EMAIL_TAG QUANTITY Item 001 - Qty 1 - TRUCK, CLASS 8, FLAT DECK WITH CRANE in accordance with DND Purchase Description, Delivered Duty Paid (DDP) CFB Valcartier, QC. Item 002 - Optional Quantity (Up to Qty 3), TRUCK, CLASS 8, FLAT DECK WITH CRANE in accordance with DND Purchase Description, FCA Free Carrier at Contractor's Canadian facility r Contractor's Canadian distribution point. Option may be exercised by DND/PWGSC within twelve (12) months from the date f contract award. DELIVERY Item 001 is desirable on or before 30 March 2012. DEBRIEFINGS After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within 15 working days of receipt f notification that their bid was unsuccessful. The debriefing may be provided in writing, by telephone or in person. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Cafferty, Kathy 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 7A2, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
27703.txt	Opportunity Description: The City of Grande Prairie is requesting submissions for the removal of the existing carpet in the stairwells and the installation of a new rubber flooring and tiles.
28298.txt	London, ON. 451 Talbot St. Major Recapitalization Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: EQ755-121009/A Jackson, Dahlia Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Project No. R.012827.020, 451 Talbot Street, London, Ontario. Government of Canada Building Major Recapitalization. Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) intends to retain a firm of Architects in the capacity of Prime Consultant together with a multi-disciplinary team of Sub-consultants for the provision of services required for the proposed renovation f the Government of Canada Building located at 451 Talbot Street in downtown London, Ontario. The work involves base building upgrades to the entire facility, fit-up of each of the floors to incorporate the user requirements and PWGSC Fit-up Standards and tenant funded work such as telecommunication systems, enhanced security, assistance to PWGSC for the procurement and disposal of new systems, furniture and panels. The purpose is to select the highest ranked experienced firm of consultants, sub-consultants and specialists to provide full architectural and engineering services for the design, preparation of construction tender documents, construction contract administration and commissioning of the facility. Proponents will be requested to submit their proposal in two phases. Phase One proposals will cover only the previous achievements and experiences of the proposed consultant team. Phase Two proposals will cover the understanding of the project, scope, management of services, design philosophy, and pricing. The criteria used in the evaluation process will relate to previous achievements, experience and qualification of the proposed consultant team and will NOT involve or require a presentation on the subject. Schedule and Construction Cost Estimate Project final completion date is January 2016. The preliminary construction estimate for this project is $15, 000, 000.00 (HST excluded) in constant dollars.  Architectural firms interested in providing these services may rder the Request for Proposal documents which are distributed through the Merx Service. Standard Terms and Conditions for this procurement are incorporated by reference into, and form part of the Tender and Contract Documents. The Standard documents are issued by Public Works and Government Services Canada and may be viewed on the MERX electronic Bulletin Board as part of the information module. Tender documents can be obtained from MERX by calling 1-800-964-6379 or visit their web site at URL_TAG Amendments, when issued, will be available from the MERX provider. In all cases bidders must indicate in the space provided on the Proposal Form the identification number(s) of the amendment(s), if any, that they have taken into consideration for their bid. Enquiries All enquiries of a technical nature and all questions of a contractual nature are to be submitted in writing to the Contractual Authority: Dahlia Jackson, Telephone No.:416 PHONENUMBER_TAG, Fax No.: 416-512-5862 , E-mail: EMAIL_TAG . This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in both official languages. Delivery Date: 18/10/2011 The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Jackson, Dahlia Ontario Region, Tendering Office 12th Floor, 4900 Yonge Street Toronto, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG Ontario PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37205.txt	PORTABLE AIR CONDITIONERS Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: PORTABLE AIR CONDITIONERS W010M-12M063/A Taylor, Kathie Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Department of National Defence, CFB Halifax, have a requirement for five (5) portable air conditioners as follows: 5-ton ( 60,000 btu/hr) portable air conditioners (qty 4) 3-ton ( 36,000 btu/hr) portable air conditioner (qty 1) Full technical requirements form part of the Request for Proposals. All deliverables are required on or before March 30, 2012. This office provides service to the public in English. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Taylor, Kathie 1713 Bedford Row Halifax, N.S./Halifax, (N.É.) POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39216.txt	Investment Manager for the Health Benefit Trust The Health Benefit Trust is marketing for an Investment Manager to manager benefit plan funds. URL_TAG 
35446.txt	Opportunity Description: An Improvement District (ID) is formed by the Lieutenant Governor in Council as recommended by the Minister of Municipal Affairs and the responsibilities of the Improvement District Council (ID Council) are set out in Municipal Government Act RSA 2000c. M -38 (MGA) - Part 15 and as delegated to the ID's council by Ministerial Order No. L:144/01 (attached).   An important function of an ID is the taxation and assessment process. The collection of taxes is of primary importance to the province as it is through the property taxation that funds are collected for the cost of administering the ID.   Improvement District No. 4 is located within the Waterton Lakes National Park and this requires regular contact with Parks Canada concerning the delivery of municipal services and the application and coordination of grant funding for the ID. Often there is overlap in service responsibility and it is imperative that a smooth working relationship be maintained.   The ID requires the services of an "Improvement District Administrator" as set out in Appendix B to this RFP. The successful Proponent will be working out of its own office and will be responsible for the overall management of the ID.   The Improvement District Administrator/Contractor will report directly to the Director of the Province's Capacity Building Unit, Municipal Services Branch. The monthly reports may be in an email format, as well copies of the draft and approved minutes must be sent to the Province. 
37194.txt	Bus Transportation Services Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Passenger Motor Vehicles (Buses) Rental and Bus Passenger Service W0107-11TN03/A Harrington, Mary-Lou Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Requirement To provide bus rental and bus transportation services to the Department of National Defence, Canadian Forces Base (CFB) Petawawa on an as and when requested basis as per the requirement of the Request for Standing Offer at Annex "A". The vehicles (both highway-style cruisers or coaches and school or activity style buses are required) will be used to transport Regular Forces Personnel, Militia Reserve Forces and Cadet Units personnel. Pick-Up Rights The National Defence Base routinely generate bus charter requirements that originate from areas outside of their respective Bases. In order that possible Offerors may decide whether or not to participate in this tendering process, a listing of historical rigin points is provided below (these listings are not exhaustive): CFB Petawawa: Ottawa, Kingston, Trenton, Borden, Meaford and North Bay. While most of the travel shall be within the Province of Ontario, occasional trips to Quebec and the United States will also be required. Quantity: Various. Period: From 1 January 2012 to and including 31 December 2014. Communications from Bidders: Bidders are requested to provide any questions, concerns and required information, concerning the RFP, by facsimile, mail or e-mail. Questions are to be faxed to 613-687-6656 or e-mailed to EMAIL_TAG The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Harrington, Mary-Lou Petawawa Procurement Building S-111 CFB Petawawa Petawawa Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
27684.txt	The City of Calgary, Water Quality Services requires the supply, delivery and installation of a GC-MS system combined with an auto sampler for use in their laboratory. Contact : Christopher Koch Téléphone : 4032681343 Télécopieur : 4032685523 Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
37288.txt	Request for Quotation for Fire and Life Safety Systems The Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) wishes to enter into a contract with a vendor(s) for the purpose of performing Code Compliance Testing on a Yearly, Semi-annually, and Monthly cycle of the Fire and Life Safety and Sprinkler Systems. The services will be carried out at CMHC National Office located at 700 Montreal Road, Ottawa, Ontario. The contract term shall be for three (3) years. It should be noted that a mandatory site visit will be held on January 09, 2012 at 10:30 AM. The quotation must be received at the exact location as specified in the RFP document on or before the submission deadline of 2:00 p.m. EST, on January 30, 2012. Suppliers interested in learning more about this opportunity should click on "Order Associated Components" to download the solicitation document. Please note that CMHC will not distribute solicitation documents that are posted on Merx. 
39127.txt	RFP #2011-15, Banking Services for an Amalgamated Children's Aid Society Hastings Children's Aid Society and The Children's Aid Society of Northumberland are preparing for an amalgamation date of April 1, 2012. This Request is being issued for banking services for the period April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2017, in accordance with the terms and conditions noted in the documentation. Only Canadian Chartered banks will be permitted to participate in this procurement.  
29471.txt	11-1527 INTERIOR AND EXTERIOR PAINTING AND SPRAY FINISHING SERVICES AS REQUIRED The City of Calgary ("The City") is issuing this RFP with the intention of engaging a Contractor to provide painting services interior and exterior painting on new construction and renovations products and spray finishing of furniture and fixtures.  Work includes, but is not limited to; all labour, materials, tools and other equipment, services and supervision required to complete all interior and exterior re-painting work; surface preparation of substrates as required for acceptance of painting, including cleaning, small crack repair, patching, caulking, making good surfaces and areas, pre-treatment, priming and back-priming; high pressure washing and abrasive blasting; moisture testing of substrates; surface preparation of substrates as required for acceptance of paint, including cleaning, small crack repair, patching, caulking, and making good surfaces and areas; specific pre-treatments as required; and sealing and priming surfaces for repainting.
30495.txt	DND-BAG Fish and Seafood Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: DESCRIPTION: This Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) request involves the provision, on an as and when ordered basis, of Fish and seafood. IDENTIFIED USER: Department of National Defence, 3 Wing Bagotville, Bagotville, province of Quebec. PERIOD OF STANDING PROPOSAL: From June 1, 2011 to May 31, 2012, divided into four (4) three- (3-) month periods. Note: Offers will have to be submitted for each period, as per the schedule in Annex "B". DELIVERY: NOTE: Delivery hours must be respected. If an offeror can not meet this requirement, he will have to clearly specify his delivery possibilities on his offer. The client will then determine if the proposed days and hours can be acceptable. If not, the offer will not be considered. DELIVERY DND-BAG  Delivery addresses Delivery hours and specifications Department of National Defence 3 Wing Bagotville Building 87 Alouette (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:30 AM and between 1:00 PM and 1:30 PM Department of National Defence 3 Wing Bagotville Building 55 Alouette (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:30 AM and between 1:00 PM and 1:30 PM Only in June, July and August. Delay: The National Defence representative will place the orders at least fourty-eight (48) hours before delivery date. Emergency services: At all times during the period of the Standing Offer, when "Urgent" requests are made, the offerer (s) will commit to supplying the goods within twenty-four (24) hours following receipt of an order. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: Back Order: No substitute product will be accepted without prior authorization of the National Defence representative. QUANTITIES: The estimated quantities for each of the required items can be found in Annex B - Working Document - List of products. APPROXIMATE SCOPE OF THE STANDING PROPOSAL: The approximate scope of the Standing Proposal is $20,000.00 for the period from June 1, 2011 to May 31, 2012 inclusive. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Champoux, Nicolas Gare Maritime Champlain Champlain Maritime Harbour 901, Cap Diamant Québec City Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28855.txt	Mechanical Equip.-Maint.& Insp. SOA Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: W3534-120001/A Fung, Donna Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Title: Mechanical Equipment - Maintenance & Inspection Standing Offer Location: Department of National Defence (DND) Vernon Army Cadet Training Centre, Vernon, B.C. Work Description: Work under this contract comprises the furnishing of all labour, material, equipment, transportation etc., as necessary for the provision of Mechanical Equipment Maintenance and Inspections, n an "as and when requested" basis, for Department of National Defence (DND) Vernon Army Cadet Training Centre, Vernon, B.C. Mandatory Requirement: Only certified persons shall install, service, leak test or charge a halocarbon system. A person shall only be considered "certified" if they meet the following: A service person who has successfully completed an environmental awareness course for the environmentally safe handling of refrigerants accepted by three or more provinces and holds a corresponding valid certificate. Trade Qualified. The individual shall be trade qualified and be able to produce the certificate number. The expiry date must be valid if present. Offerors must submit copies of both valid certificates with their offer. Delivery: The period of the standing offer is from 1 April 2012 to 31 March 2015 Tender Enquiries: Donna Fung, Supply Specialist PHONENUMBER_TAG Firms intending to submit offers for this project should obtain documents through the MERX services provider. Addenda when issued will be available from the MERX services provider. Firms that elect to base their proposal on documents obtained form ther sources do so at their own risk and will be solely responsible to inform the tender calling authority on their intention to bid. Proponents must indicate (when requested) on the offer form the identification number(s) of the addenda, if any, that they have taken into consideration for their proposal submission. This procurement office provides procurement services to the public in English. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Fung, Donna(PWY) 800 Burrard Street, 12th floor 800, rue Burrard, 12e êtage Vancouver British C POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31200.txt	Opportunity Description: Tender - TOSS11-17 One (1) New 6X4 60,000 lb GVWR Cab and Chassis The Town of St. Stephen St. Stephen, New Brunswick The Town of St. Stephen is inviting quotations from qualified proponents to supply one (1) nly new, not previously used, 6X4 60,000 LB GVWR Cab and Chassis of the current model year that meets or exceeds the specifications attached to this tender request. Closing Date for receiving the submissions: The response to the Tender is to be completed as detailed in the Tender documents and delivered by <u>2:00 PM on Wednesday, November 16, 2011</u>, in hard copy (the original and one copy) to: Treasurer The Town of St. Stephen 73 Milltown Boulevard, Suite 112 St. Stephen, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Tender documents can be obtained from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network or by contacting Mr. Frank Godsoe, CA, CFP at 506-467-6432 or by Email at: EMAIL_TAG. This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must btain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. TRUCKS, SNOW REMOVAL, EQUIPMENT     Tender - TOSS11-17 One (1) New 6X4 60,000 lb GVWR Cab and Chassis The Town of St. Stephen St. Stephen, New Brunswick The Town of St. Stephen is inviting quotations from qualified proponents to supply one (1) nly new, not previously used, 6X4 60,000 LB GVWR Cab and Chassis of the current model year that meets or exceeds the specifications attached to this tender request. Closing Date for receiving the submissions: The response to the Tender is to be completed as detailed in the Tender documents and delivered by <u>2:00 PM on Wednesday, November 16, 2011</u>, in hard copy (the original and one copy) to: Treasurer The Town of St. Stephen 73 Milltown Boulevard, Suite 112 St. Stephen, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Tender documents can be obtained from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network or by contacting Mr. Frank Godsoe, CA, CFP at 506-467-6432 or by Email at: EMAIL_TAG. La présente est un avis d'appel d'offres seulement. Afin de présenter une soumission, vous devez obtenir les documents de soumission officiels en vous adressant au Réseau de possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick, à un service de distribution autorisé ou à une autre source telle qu'indiquée dans l'avis d'appel d'offres. CAMIONS,EQUIPEMENT POUR DEBLAYAGE DE LA NEIGE     Administrative address is Town of St. Stephen 73 Milltown Blvd, Suite 112 ST STEPHEN, New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG     L'adresse administrative est Town of St. Stephen 73 Milltown Blvd, Suite 112 ST STEPHEN, Nouveau-Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG
29104.txt	Halifax Law Courts roof replacement  Tender for Halifax Law Courts roof replacement at 1815 Upper Water St, Halifax, soffits and installation of fall arrest system of 7th floor (south). Transportation and Infrastructure Renewal Closing Closing on Wednesday, October 26, 2011 at 02:00 PM AST. Location: Public Tenders Office, 6176 Young Street, Suite 200, Halifax, NS POSTALCODE_TAG Opening Opening on Wednesday, October 26, 2011 at 02:30 PM AST. Location: same as close location Posted 11 October 2011 Trade Agreement Below Trade agreements Category Goods: N | Services: N | Construction: Y Pickup Fee N/A Addendum N Addendum Notes  Contact Public Tenders Office ,TelPHONENUMBER_TAG,FaxPHONENUMBER_TAG or Website URL_TAG Memorandum Project No. F01-38-01-141 Contact person: Terry Smith-Lamothe - PHONENUMBER_TAG A bidder briefing has been called for 10:00am, October 18, 2011. Attendees will meet at the West entrance, 1815 Upper Water St., Halifax. Awarded Date  Awarded Amount  Awarded Vendor  Award Memo  Bid Express This tender is listed only on Nova Scotia Procurement Services website.  Note: All amendments to the associated document  are issued by the originator of the RFP.  MERX asks you to contact the government  agency directly for these amendments.  The contact information can be found within  the main tender document. 
28659.txt	RF Test Equipment for the Microsatellite Science and Technology Center (MSTC)  This Request for Quotations ("the RFQ") issued by the Institute for Aerospace Studies on behalf of The University of Toronto (the "University") is an invitation to submit non-binding offers for the provision of RF Test Equipment for the Microsatellite Science and Technology Center (MSTC) as further described in Appendix A, for the Rates established in Appendix B. The respondent selected pursuant to this RFQ process will be informed in writing. Respondents not selected will also be informed in writing. 
36953.txt	CALGARY - SOUTHERN ALBERTA JUBILEE AUDITORIUM, PARTIAL ROOF REPLACEMENT *See Above * Addendum No.1 Dec 19 2011* URL_TAG 
35373.txt	Sputtering System Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: DC and RF Sputtering system Defence Research and Development Canada (DRDC) - Valcartier, Québec, QC has a requirement for the supply of one (1) DC and RF Sputtering system, in accordance with mandatory specifications detailed in the Request for Proposal. DELIVERY DATE The system must be delivered in DRDC Valcartier no later than March 29-2012. Must be included in DRDC Valcartier no later than April 30-2012 : -Initial start-up provided by the company or its representative -Full system training of 7 hours done in French or English for a minimum of two RDDC employees, which will be ended by a succeeded automated process recipe. This PWGSC office provides acquisition services to the public in both official languages. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Roy, Claire 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Quebéc POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
28957.txt	Annual docking/Refit MV WINSOR Annual docking/Refit MV WINSOR AS PER ATTACHED SPECIFICATIONS, 136 PAGES ATTACHED THIS TENDER WILL BE PUBLICLY OPENED AT GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY 30 STRAWBERRY MARSH ROAD ST. JOHN'S, NEWFOUNDLAND CANADA POSTALCODE_TAG AT THE TIME AND DATE INDICATED ON THIS DOCUMENT TENDER OPENING AT 4:01 P.M 21-OCTOBER-2011 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT CRAIG BUTT, PHONENUMBER_TAG. EMAIL_TAG RESPONSES MAY BE RETURNED BY FAX AT PHONENUMBER_TAG UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED HEREIN. PRICES ARE EXCLUSIVE OF HST & GST. APPLICABLE TAXES SHALL BE APPLIED AT THE INVOICING STAGE AND ARE TO BE LISTED SEPARATELY ON EACH PURCHASE INVOICE. OUR HST NUMBER IS 107442683. DISREGARD TAX COLUMN ON THIS FORM. UNSIGNED TENDERS/RFQ's SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED. THE "ATLANTIC PROVINCES STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS" APPLY TO THIS TENDER/RFQ AND MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY, OR BY WAY OF THE INTERNET AT: WWW.GPA.GOV.NL.CA YOU ARE REQUIRED TO SUPPLY UP TO DATE MATERIAL SAFETY DATA SHEETS - APPLICABLE TO ANYTHING REGULATED UNDER TRANSPORTATION OF DANGEROUS GOODS, OR THE SHIPMENT CANNOT BE ACCEPTED. 336 - PRICES QUOTED SHALL BE IN CANADIAN FUNDS. 160 + FOB DESTINATION UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED IN THIS DOCUMENT, PRICES QUOTED SHALL BE FOB DESTINATION. External attachments exist for this tender. If you HAVE NOT received the attachments described in this document, you may log on to URL_TAGent Purchasing Agency at PHONENUMBER_TAG. THIS PROCUREMENT OPPORTUNITY IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT ON INTERNAL TRADE AND THE ATLANTIC PROCUREMENT AGREEMENT. 134 - Facsimile Tender/Quotations Tender or quotation documents submitted by facsimile must be received "in full" at the Government Purchasing Agency by the specified Closing Time. Documents in transmission after the Closing Time will be considered late tenders or quotations.  ACCEPTANCE PERIOD It is understood that this tender shall remain open for acceptance by the Government Purchasing Agency for a period of not less than 90 days from the closing date of the Invitation to Tender. TO ENSURE CONSISTENCY AND QUALITY IN THE INFORMATION PROVIDED TO BIDDERS THE GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY SHALL PROVIDE, BY WAY OF AMENDMENT TO THIS TENDER IN THE FORM OF AN ADDENDUM TO ALL BIDDERS WHO HAVE REGISTERED TO RECEIVE AMENDMENTS, ANY RELEVANT INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO THE TENDER INQUIRIES RECEIVED IN WRITING WITHOUT REVEALING THE SOURCE OF THOSE INQUIRIES. BIDDERS ARE CAUTIONED THAT IT IS THEIR RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE THAT THEY RECEIVE ALL INFORMATION RELEVANT TO THIS TENDER. THE OWNER SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR BIDDERS WHO FAIL TO INFORM THEMSELVES REGARDING THE SCOPE AND NATURE OF THE WORK. GOVERNMENT PURCHASING AGENCY SHALL PUBLISH ALL AMENDMENTS TO THE TENDERING WEBSITE AT WWW.GPA.GOV.NL.CA . SUPPLIERS MAY REGISTER ON THE TENDERING WEBSITE TO RECEIVE AMENDMENTS AUTOMATICALLY THROUGH EMAIL OR FAX. SUPPLIERS NOT REGISTERED TO RECEIVE AMENDMENTS ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THEY ARE AWARE OF AND HAVE COMPLIED WITH ALL AMENDMENTS BY TENDER CLOSING TIME. Line NO: Item NO./Description Quantity / UOM Unit Price Extended Tax 1 Annual docking/Refit MV WINSOR. 1 EACH Note: In order to be notified of amendments  to this tender, suppliers must go directly  to the Newfoundland government tendering web site at URL_TAG and register to receive amendments for this tender  document. 
37209.txt	Marquee Tents Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Marquee Tents 5P403-110352/A Ray, Jane Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL MARQUEE TENTS ST. ANDREWS, MB Objective: For the supply and delivery of Marquee tents and Aluminum frame tents destined for Parks Canada's three (3) National Historic Sites: The Forks, Riel House, and Lower Fort Garry. FOB Destination: Lower Fort Garry, 5925 Highway # 9, St. Andrews, MB, POSTALCODE_TAG Mandatory Delivery Date: Delivery must be made on or before March 31, 2012. Specifications: See solicitation bid document for full details. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. RAY, Jane Room 1650, 635 8th Ave. S.W. Calgary Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
36939.txt	Automated Immunohistochemistry Analyzer RFP SHR is a multi-site facility, with the IHC lab centralized at Saskatoon City Hospital and is currently in search of automation for Immunohistochemistry (IHC), Immunofluorescence (IF) and In-situ hybridization (ISH) at Saskatoon City Hospital. They currently use Dako Autostainer Links for IHC, and Ventana Benchmark for IF and ISH.  The automated platform solution should include the capability of performing IHC (brown and red detection systems), autoantibody IF testing (fluorescent) and also ISH (chromogenic or fluorescent or silver).  The current SHR Lab Information System (LIS) is running on a SoftPath platform from Soft Computer Consultants, therefore interfacing future equipment should be an option. Please make sure that the proposed instrumentation should also provide full flexibility if SHR decides to change it's LIS platform in future.  
29101.txt	TFM-072-11 Tender For The Supply & Installation and Miscellaneous Repairs of Chain Link Fencing  DEPARTMENT OF  FACILITIES MANAGEMENT TENDER FOR THE  SUPPLY & INSTALLATION  AND MISCELLANEOUS REPAIRS  OF CHAIN LINK FENCING  MAINTENANCE/SERVICE  CONTRACT TENDER # TFM-072-11 CLOSING TIME: 3:00:00 P.M. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27, 2011 NEWFOUNDLAND  LOCAL TIME 
39176.txt	LOADER,SCOOP TYPE Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: LOADER, SCOOP TYPE Benoît Paquin Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Facsimile: PHONENUMBER_TAG Email: EMAIL_TAG   AMENDMENT 002 This amendment is raised to provide questions with answers to potential bidders and to update the Purchase Description as follows: Question: Do the attachments have to be mounted and demounted hydraulically or manually? Answer: The attachments have to be mounted and demounted hydraulically by an operator from the inside of the cab. Attached, the update version of the Purchase Description for Compact Loader, Scoop Type, 4 X 4, Skid Steer, dated 2011-11-10, modified 2012-01-20. Note: the point 3.5.1 (c) i, has been modified. All other terms and conditions remain the same.   AMENDMENT 001 This amendment is raised to provide questions with answers to potential bidders as follows: Question: The "Forklift Capacity" in the Attachment Capability Table in the Purchase Description specifies a 3500 kg capacity. This appears to contradict the "Rated Operating Capacity" of the equipment, which is 1000 kg.  Answer: The forklift capacity is defined as the capability to lift: "...a pallet weighing no less than the value given as "FORKLIFT CAPACITY" in the Attachment Capability Table at a load centre of 610 mm (24 in)." The reason for what appears to be an excess in capacity is because the load centre of 610 mm is a best case scenario. If the load is handled at the very ends of the forks instead of centrally, it imparts significant stress to the forks, which has the same potential breaking effect as a much larger weight at the 610 mm load centre. The forks need to meet the given weight rating at the given load centre, but there is no expectation that the machine will be able lift this load. All other terms and conditions remain the same.   The Department of National Defence has a requirement to purchase ten (10) Loader, Scoop Type and related items in accordance with the Purchase Description for Compact Loader, Scoop Type, 4 x 4, Skid Steer, dated 2011-11-10, and at Annex A - Pricing. The Loader, Scoop type are to be delivered at the location below by March 30, 2012. a) Three (3) at 4 Wing Cold Lake, Cold Lake, AB, POSTALCODE_TAG, b) One (1) at 22 Wing North Bay, North Bay, ON , POSTALCODE_TAG, c) One (1) at 19 Wing Comox, Comox, BC, POSTALCODE_TAG, d) Three (3) at 17 Wing Winnipeg, Winnipeg, MB, POSTALCODE_TAG, e) Two (2) at 14 Wing Greenwood, Greenwood, NS, POSTALCODE_TAG. The requirement includes an option to purchase up to ten (10) Loader, Scoop Type and related items to be exercised within twelve (12) months from the effective date of contract. Debriefings After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of notification that their bid was unsuccessful. The debriefing may be provided in writing, by telephone or in person. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Paquin, Benoit 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37200.txt	Revue de la littérature Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: If 3+ bids offer Canadian goods/services ther bids will not be considered Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Title : Literature review of existing or near future EI technologies/solutions including conceptual analysis Contexte : Electronically initiated small arms is a critical technology in Defence Research & Development Canada's (DRDC) vision for Soldier Integrated Precision Effects System (SIPES) Technology Demonstration Project (TDP) as well as the Statement of Requirements (SOR) Development Program. Electronic ignition is considered an enabling technology for Assisted Target Engagement (ATE) where a "smart" sight with Automatic Target Cueing (ATC) capability can be coupled to the weapon's firing system to fire the ammunition at the most opportune time to maximize the likelihood of hitting a target. It is believed that ATE is the best means to introduce a revolutionary increase in soldier lethality. It should also be noted that weapon systems acquired by the Canadian Forces (CF) usually remain in service for several decades. A fleet of small arms with electronic ignition capability would allow the CF to take advantage of the rapid rate of development of portable processing power and optical technologies necessary for ATC. As such, an Electronic Ignition (EI) Applied Research Project (ARP) was created within the SOR Development Program to study this technology. Several means of accomplishing EI exist and have been investigated in the past - some have even been commercialized. These include, but are not limited to, bridgewire, conducting energetic material, laser ignition, semi-conductor ignition in different forms, ignition via conduction or induction, etc. The goal of this ARP is to determine the best means of accomplishing EI. The major drivers in the selection are performance, reliability and safety. In order to ensure a thorough process, the ARP will start with a literature review in which a comprehensive list of possibilities will be generated. This will ensure that no possibilities have been overlooked. The review should also include a conceptual analysis of what is and isn't desirable of an EI solution. Throughout this process, dual-mode solutions (ignition can be done both electronically and by percussion) should be favored as this will facilitate technology insertion. Exclusively electronic solutions should still be considered at least conceptually throughout the project. The project should also consider the possibility of implementing this solution in a conventional brass cartridge case, polymer cased telescoped and caseless ammunition. Task : The contractor must produce a literature review of existing or near future EI technologies/solutions including conceptual analysis. Work location: The work must be performed at the contractor facilities. Mandatory Technical criteria : 1- At least one of the resources that will be involved in the project must have experience in Electronic Ballistics Technology (EBT) for small arms. The resource must have designed and tested capability in EBT for small arms in at least one project. Note : To enable the evaluation team to properly evaluate this criterion, the bidder must attach the CV of the proposed resource. The CV must demonstrate that the resource has the required experience by describing projects in the identified fields of expertise. 2- The bidder must possess knowledge of the following standards: i) Mil-Std-1316 (fuze design), ii) HERO, Mil-Std-416 (military and aerospace electronics) and iii) 461 (control of electromagnetic interference). Note : To enable the evaluation team to properly evaluate this criterion, the bidder must list one or more projects demonstrating that it used each of these standards in previous projects. To be declared responsive, the bidder must have worked with each of the three standards. 3- The bidder must have a licensed manufacturer of destructive devices. Note : To enable the evaluation team to properly evaluate this criterion, the bidder must include in his bid a copy of its licensed manufacturer of destructive devices. 4- The bidder must be knowledgeable of International Trafficking in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and / or the Canadian Controlled Goods Program (CGP). For the purpose of the evaluation, the evaluation team will declared that the bidder is knowledgeable of ITAR and / or the CGP by being registered under ne of these programs. Note : To enable the evaluation team to properly evaluate this criterion, the bidder must include a copy of the documents that certified that the bidder is registered under ITAR and / or the CGP. Basis of Selection - Lowest Evaluated Price A bid must comply with the requirements of the bid solicitation and meet all mandatory technical evaluation criteria to be declared responsive. The responsive bid with the lowest evaluated price will be recommended for award of a contract. Client department : The services will be rendered to Defence Research and Development Canada - Valcartier (DRDC-Valcartier). Period of the contract : The period of the contract is from the date of the contract to March 31, 2012. Security requirements : There is no security requirements associated to this contract Canadian Content This requirement is conditionally limited to Canadian content This PWGSC office provide purchasing services in both official languages (French and English.) / Ce bureau de TPSGC fournit des services d'approvisionnement dans les deux langues officielles (français et anglais) Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Boudrias, Marie-M. 1550 Avenue d'Estimauville Québec Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29283.txt	Upgrade of Hillsborough WWTP Contract #2 - Earthworks and Piping Village of Hillsborough 2849 Main Street Unit 1 Hillsborough New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Sealed tenders, clearly marked as to contents, for the construction of the above  works which will consist of the upgrade of the existing facultative lagoon, the  construction of a new aerated lagoon, approximately 7,000 cu.m. of common excavation, 50,000 cu.m.  f imported material, HDPE liner, 200mm dia. gravity sewers, 200 mm dia. sanitary pressure pipe, 2,100 mm dia. wet well, manholes, control chambers, 150 mm dia. air piping  for aeration systems, connections, surface restorations, fencing and all related work,  will be received until 11:00 am, Friday, October 21, 2011, by: Ms. Shari Collins, Clerk/Administrator Village of Hillsborough 2849 Main Street Hillsborough NB POSTALCODE_TAG Tender packages may be obtained, upon payment of a non-refundable fee of $100.00  for each package, payable to Crandall Engineering Ltd. from: Crandall Engineering Ltd. 1077 St. George Blvd., Suite 400 Moncton NB POSTALCODE_TAG A public opening of tenders will take place at the Village of Hillsborough offices immediately following the close of the tendering period. No award will be made  at the tender opening. Tender procedures will be in accordance with the Crown Construction  Act, Regulation 82-109 amended. A bid bond in the amount of $150,000.00 made payable to the Village of Hillsborough  must accompany each tender. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. Shari Collins, Clerk/Administrator "This project is being implemented pursuant to the Canada-New Brunswick Building  Canada Fund - Communities Component agreement and will be financed in accordance with  the terms and conditions of this agreement." This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. BUILDING CONSTRUCTION (Includes Site Construction) Shari Collins Village of Hillsborough 2849 Main Street Unit 1 Hillsborough New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
27678.txt	BRIDGE FILE 77425 Nordegg River (SW 4-45-10-5) CONTRACT NUMBER:PHONENUMBER_TAG3-00 BRIDGE REPLACEMENT AND OTHER WORK SCOPE OF WORK – BF 77425 Work shall include the installation of a new bridge over Nordegg River, located on the O'Chiese First Nation Reserve, 85 km northwest of Rocky Mountain House (SW 04 45-10-5). The Contractor shall construct a new steel girder bridge as per the Drawings and the Specifications for Bridge Construction.  The Scope of the Work includes, but is not limited to, the following: Traffic accommodation Removal of existing bridge structure Steel H-pile driving Cast-in-place concrete construction Reinforcing steel placement Steel girder erection Installation of miscellaneous iron Placement of heavy rock riprap  Roadway work  Guardrail including delineator guide posts Permanent environmental protection devices SCOPE OF ROADWORK The scope of work for this project shall include but is not limited to the following: Clearing and Mulching Common excavation Borrow Excavation Hauling of materials Culvert removal/installation Topsoil placement Seeding, fertilizing, and harrowing Gravel Surfacing Permanent erosion and sediment control installations Other work as indicated in the unit price schedule and special provisions 
36942.txt	Supply of Mechanical Screens for McCarthy Boulevard Pumping Station Sealed proposals marked "RFP #1962 – Mechanical Screens for McCarthy Boulevard Pumping Station" will be received by the Coordinator of Purchasing, 5th Floor, City Hall, 2476 Victoria Avenue, P.O. Box 1790, Regina, Saskatchewan, POSTALCODE_TAG, no later than 2:00 p.m. Central Standard Time, January 6, 2012. The terms of reference describe a requirement to purchase mechanical screens for the McCarthy Boulevard Pumping Station – Screens and Odour Control Upgrade. Documents may be obtained at the office of the Coordinator of Purchasing, 5th Floor, City Hall, 2476 Victoria Avenue, Regina, Saskatchewan, POSTALCODE_TAG; by calling PHONENUMBER_TAG; or by emailing EMAIL_TAG The City reserves the right to accept or reject any or all proposals. 
39178.txt	PRINT,STICKY NOTES, ROUNDEL STICKER Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: The bidder must supply Canadian goods and/or services Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: PRINT,STICKY NOTES, ROUNDEL STICKER blocs-notes adhésifs bilingues et des autocollants amovibles W8485-127408/A Werk(cw), Janet Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG Line1, PRINT,STICKY NOTES,ROUNDEL STICKERS/ blocs-notes adhésifs bilingues et des autocollants amovibles Summary This requirement is for the supply and delivery of 30,000 Bilingual Royal Canadian Air Force Sticky Note Pads and 200,000 Royal Canadian Air Force Removable Roundel Stickers for indoor use. All the deliverables to DND in Ottawa (ON) must be made on or before February 28, 2012. The requirement is limited to Canadian goods and/or services. Basis of Selection : A bid must comply with the requirements of the bid solicitation to be declared responsive. The responsive bid with the lowest evaluated price will be recommended for award of a contract. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Werk(cw), Janet 360 Albert St./ 360, rue Albert 12th Floor / 12ième étage Ottawa Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39213.txt	Provision of Professional Services for Architecture, Engineering and Other Specialized Services The University of Lethbridge, hereafter referred to as the Owner or the University, invites interested Architectural, Engineering and specialty consulting firms as identified in section 3 to submit proposals to obtain Pre-Qualified Consultant status. Successful proponents in this RFP will be considered and selected for work on individual projects with a construction budget value of up to $1,000,000 and where consulting service fees do not exceed $100,000. The purpose of the Request for Proposals is to establish a short list of 2 firms in each discipline to consult on future University projects. This will permit the University to streamline the administrative effort and time required to procure and award work to professional and specialty consulting firms involving renovation and/or smaller type projects. URL_TAG 
29141.txt	Subsidence of the Slab on Grade -Arch. Institution Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Temporary Corrections Following the Subsidence of the Slab on Grade - "U" Block Archambault Institution, 242, Montée Gagnon, Ste-Anne-des-Plaines, Quebec, POSTALCODE_TAG Correctional Service Canada DESCRIPTION OF WORKS: Providing the labour, materials, and equipment necessary for the perfect execution, completion and delivery in working order of the following. Repointing of masonry walls, installation of steel supports for the existing concrete columns, installation of steel supports for the existing concrete beams, providing fire resistance around ducts and openings in masonry walls, repairing the concrete slab, other work on the masonry walls minor works needed to bring the project to completion. Period of work: 6 weeks MANDATORY SITE VISIT: There will be a site visit on October, 26th 2011 at 9:00. Interested bidders are to meet at Archambault Institution, 242, Montée Gagnon, Ste-Anne-des-Plaines, Quebec, POSTALCODE_TAG. The site visit for this project is MANDATORY. The representative of the bidder will be required to sign the Site Visit Attendance Sheet at the site visit. Bids submitted by Bidders who have not signed the attendance sheet will not be accepted. Important : Anyone who wishes to attend the site visit is subject to a prior security check. Bidders will have to fill out the "Institutional Access CPIC Clearance Request" form (CSC/SCC 1279) and transmit it by fax to: Isabelle Roy, Project Manager, Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG or by email at the following Address EMAIL_TAG at least three (3) working days before the Bidders' site visit. If the completed forms are not sent within the delays, access to the site will be refused to the bidder. Bidders will have to have the completed form in their possession at the site visit. The estimated cost for this opportunity is within the following cost category: 500 001$ - 1 000 000$ INQUIRIES: All enquiries regarding this tender, are to be submitted in writing to the Contractual Authority: France Bélisle, Supply Officer, fascimile PHONENUMBER_TAG or by e-mail at EMAIL_TAG TENDER DOCUMENTS: Firms intending to submit tenders on this project should obtain tender documents through the MERX service provider. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the MERX service provider. Firms that elect to base their bids on tender documents obtained from other sources do so at their own risk and will be solely responsible to inform the tender calling authority of their intention to bid. The Crown reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Standard terms and conditions for this procurement are incorporated by reference into, and form part f, the tender and contract documents. The standard documents are issued by Public Works and Government Services Canada and may be viewed on the MERX electronic bulletin board as part of the information module. Statements of Works and plans may be view at the following locations: ACQ at St-Léonard, APECQ at Chemin de la Savane, Montréal,Quebec. Drawings and Specifications are now available for viewing and downloading in a Portable Document Format (PDF) or in a standard paper version. Tenderers should note that Attachment 1 (ATT 1)contains the Drawings and Specifications Package (DSP) which consists of PDF files organized in an industry recognized directory structure. BID RECEIVING: Sealed tenders will be received in English or French at: Public Works and Government Services Canada Place Bonaventure, South-East Portal B 800 De la Gauchetiere Street West, suite 7300 Montreal Quebec, POSTALCODE_TAG. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Belisle (mtc480), France Place Bonaventure, portail Sud-Est 800, rue de La Gauchetière Ouest 7 ième étage Montréal Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37202.txt	DND-VAL Eggs Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: DESCRIPTION: This Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) request involves the provision, on an as and when ordered basis, of Eggs. IDENTIFIED USER: Department of National Defence, various sites of the Valcartier Garrison, Courcelette, province of Quebec. PERIOD OF STANDING PROPOSAL: From February 1, 2012 to January 31, 2013, divided into four (4) three- (3-) month periods. Note: Offers will have to be submitted for each period, as per the schedule in Annex "B". DELIVERY: DELIVERY DND-VAL (VARIOUS SITES)  Delivery addresses Delivery hours and specifications Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison Courcelette (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG  Kitchens 505, 510, 511 From Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. Dépôts des rations Units - Building # 188 Door J - (in back) From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 15:00 PM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Frequency may vary according to the units exercise calendar. Camp Vimy From Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. r according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: During the months of May, June, July and August, quantities could double. Cadets kitchen Building CC-119 Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: From May to August, no call-ups will be made. This is a mandatory requirement: Invoices must be sent to the following address: Unité régionale de Soutien aux Cadets (Est) A/S O Alim Adjuc R. Audet C.P. 100 Succursale Bureau-Chef Richelain (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison (Old Quebec)  Citadelle of Québec C-14 and C-18 From Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Due to the dimensions of the entrance to the Citadelle in Old Quebec, the supplier will have to verify that his delivery trucks can access the site. This is a mandatory requirement. From June to Labor Day, no deliveries can be made to the Citadelle site between 9:30 and 11:00 a.m. Pointe-à-Carcy's Naval Reserve From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison (Quebec City)  Manège militaire St-Malo 1020, Vincent-Massé Street Saint-Malo Industrial Park Boulevard Charest Québec (Québec) From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:30 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Between September and May, an average of one delivery per week. Delay: The National Defence representative will place the orders at least fourty-eight (48) hours before delivery date. Emergency services: At all times during the period of the Standing Offer, when "Urgent" requests are made, the offerer (s) will commit to supplying the goods within twenty-four (24) hours following receipt of an order. Back Orders: For all back order items, the supplier will contact the person whose name will appear on the order form, in order to make arrangements. Packaging: The supplier will deliver the goods packed by order, to facilitate dispatch to each consignee. NOTE: For Building CC-119, the invoices must be sent to the following address: Unité régionale de Soutien aux Cadets (Est) A/S O Alim Adjuc R. Audet C.P. 100 Succursale Bureau-Chef Richelain (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG QUANTITIES: The estimated quantities for each of the required items can be found in Annex B - Working Document - List of products. APPROXIMATE SCOPE OF THE STANDING PROPOSAL: The approximate scope of the Standing Proposal is $170,000.00 for the period from February 1, 2012 to January 31, 2013 inclusive. INTRODUCTION OF A NEW CODE OF CONDUCT CERTIFICATION: Pursuant to section 01 of Standard Instructions 2006, offerers should provide, with their offer or promptly thereafter, a complete list of names of all individuals who are currently directors of the Offerer. Canada may, at any time, request that an Offerer provide properly completed and Signed Consent Forms (Consent to a Criminal Record Verification form - PWGSC-TPSGC 229) for any or all individuals named in the aforementioned list within a specified delay. TRADE AGREEMENTS: "The requirement is subject to a preference for Canadian goods and/or services". Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Fournier, Caroline PHONENUMBER_TAG, Avenue d'Estimauville Québec City Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35426.txt	TUBE, METALLIC Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TUBE, METALLIC The Department of National Defence has a requirement for the following metalic tubes to be delivered to Halifax, Nova Scotia and Esquimalt, British Columbia by 28 February 2012. Equivalent Part Numbers (P/N) will be considered. Item 1, GSIN: N4710, NSN: 4710219121666, TUBE, METALLIC, MATERIAL: COPPER ALLOY, MEASURING METHOD AND LENGTH: 12.000 FEET MINIMUM RANDOM AND 20.000 FEET MAXIMUM RANDOM, CROSS-SECTIONAL SHAPE STYLE: 1 PLAIN ROUND, WALL THICKNESS: 0.083 INCHES NOMINAL, DIAMETER: 2.375 INCHES NOMINAL, FIRST END STYLE: 1 PLAIN, FIRST END OUTSIDE DIAMETER: 2.375 INCHES NOMINAL, SECOND END RELATIONSHIP WITH FIRST END: IDENTICAL, CONSTRUCTION: SEAMLESS, SPECIAL FEATURES: H55 LIGHT DRAWN TEMPER; UNS70600 COMPOSITION 10% ALLOY FOR WELDING APPLICATION, Quantity: 200, Unit of Issue: FT, Delivery Dates: See Herein P/N: B466 NCAGE: 81346 Supplier: AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR TESTING AND MATERIALS DBA ASTM INTERNATIONAL Item 2, GSIN: N4710, NSN: 4710219121666, TUBE, METALLIC, MATERIAL: COPPER ALLOY, MEASURING METHOD AND LENGTH: 12.000 FEET MINIMUM RANDOM AND 20.000 FEET MAXIMUM RANDOM, CROSS-SECTIONAL SHAPE STYLE: 1 PLAIN ROUND, WALL THICKNESS: 0.083 INCHES NOMINAL, DIAMETER: 2.375 INCHES NOMINAL, FIRST END STYLE: 1 PLAIN, FIRST END OUTSIDE DIAMETER: 2.375 INCHES NOMINAL, SECOND END RELATIONSHIP WITH FIRST END: IDENTICAL, CONSTRUCTION: SEAMLESS, SPECIAL FEATURES: H55 LIGHT DRAWN TEMPER; UNS70600 COMPOSITION 10% ALLOY FOR WELDING APPLICATION, Quantity: 200, Unit of Issue: FT, Delivery Dates: See Herein P/N: B466 NCAGE: 81346 Supplier: AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR TESTING AND MATERIALS DBA ASTM INTERNATIONAL Item 3, GSIN: N4710, NSN: 4710219121662, TUBE, METALLIC, MATERIAL: COPPER ALLOY, MEASURING METHOD AND LENGTH: 240.0 INCHES NOMINAL RANDOM, CROSS-SECTIONAL SHAPE STYLE: 1 PLAIN ROUND, WALL THICKNESS: 0.109 INCHES NOMINAL, DIAMETER: 4.500 INCHES NOMINAL, FIRST END STYLE: 1 PLAIN, SECOND END RELATIONSHIP WITH FIRST END: IDENTICAL, CONSTRUCTION: SEAMLESS, SPECIAL FEATURES: H55 LIGHT DRAWN TEMPER; UNS 70600 COMPOSITION 10% ALLOY; FOR WELDING APPLICATION, Quantity: 100, Unit of Issue: FT, Delivery Dates: See Herein P/N: B466 NCAGE: 81346 Supplier: AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR TESTING AND MATERIALS DBA ASTM INTERNATIONAL Item 4, GSIN: N4710, NSN: 4710219121662, TUBE, METALLIC, MATERIAL: COPPER ALLOY, MEASURING METHOD AND LENGTH: 240.0 INCHES NOMINAL RANDOM, CROSS-SECTIONAL SHAPE STYLE: 1 PLAIN ROUND, WALL THICKNESS: 0.109 INCHES NOMINAL, DIAMETER: 4.500 INCHES NOMINAL, FIRST END STYLE: 1 PLAIN, SECOND END RELATIONSHIP WITH FIRST END: IDENTICAL, CONSTRUCTION: SEAMLESS, SPECIAL FEATURES: H55 LIGHT DRAWN TEMPER; UNS 70600 COMPOSITION 10% ALLOY; FOR WELDING APPLICATION, Quantity: 100, Unit of Issue: FT, Delivery Dates: See Herein P/N: B466 NCAGE: 81346 Supplier: AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR TESTING AND MATERIALS DBA ASTM INTERNATIONAL Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Hamel, Jean-Yves 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
36925.txt	The Growing Forward Coordination and Program Policy Branch requires a resource to develop literary works on behalf of ARD to enable the Branch to effectively accomplish the following objectives: To effectively communicate to target audiences how individual businesses, in the agriculture, agri-food and agri-based products industry, are making changes that enable them to adapt to changing market and consumer demands and how they were enabled by a Program administered by ARD. Highlight the benefits of accessing support through a Program or project offered by ARD. Encourage the agriculture, agri-food and agri-based products industry to learn from each other and show how successes can be applied elsewhere. Provide the agriculture, agri-food and agri-based products industry with information on existing and new Programs or projects administered by ARD. Contact : Naomi Carter Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
31232.txt	The Central Okanagan Regional District invites Expressions of Interest from individuals experienced in providing security and park host services to reside and act as a Security/Park Host Contractor in the regional park. The contract will be f r a two year term. The Security/Park Host Contractor will be required to reside at the r esidence located within the regional park and provide the services as outlined in th e information contained on the website. Murray Hanson Regional District of Central Okanagan 1450 K.L.O. Road Kelowna British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Contact : Murray Hanson Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : BC Adresse Web : URL_TAG
39231.txt	SHIPBOARD REFRIGERATION Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: SHIPBOARD REFRIGERATION AND AIR CONDITIONING SYSTEMS Requirement To provide labour, parts, material and equipment required to repair, modify and/or additions and servicing of refrigeration and air-conditioning systems and miscellaneous associated equipment on and for various Government Vessels located in the Halifax Regional Municipality on an "urgent" and "as and when requested" basis. Contractors must be Provincially and Federally certified for the servicing, removal and disposal of all ozone depleting substances (ODS) used. A copy of certification is to be provided at time of submitting offer. The Contractor will be responsible to ensure that all work is carried out in accordance with DND Statement of Contractor Requirements (SOCR) and DFO / CCG Safety Annex for those items that are pertinent to the contractor's operation. Period of Standing Offer: award date up to and including 31 December 2013, plus one year option period. Delivery: Urgent: One (1) hour from receipt of call-up document. Routine three (3) hours from receipt of call-up. This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in English. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Brow, Theresa 1713 Bedford Row Halifax, N.S./Halifax, (N.É.) POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
34261.txt	Construction of Storage and Maintenance Room DEFENCE CONSTRUCTION CANADA (DCC) – DHTC1109, Construction of Storage and Maintenance Room. The work includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment necessary for the construction of a storage and maintenance room. Those wishing to obtain a set of Plans & Specifications for this project must place an order with MERX by logging on their website: URL_TAG THE TENDER FORM AND ALL AMENDMENTS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH MERX DISTRIBUTION. A site meeting will be held at the following date, time and location. It is highly recommended that bidders attend this site meeting. Date: November 29, 2011 Time: 10:00 Location: Main Gate Off Dwyer Hill Road The estimated cost for this opportunity is in the order of $ 152,465.50 Bidders are advised that bid and contract security is required when the advertised project budget (estimated cost for this opportunity) is greater than $100,000.00. Refer to the Instructions to Tenderers (Form DCL193 (R-07-08)), paragraph 4. This procurement follows tendering procedures in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Agreement on Internal Trade. The tender closing date is: December 7, 2011 The tender closing time is: 14:00 hours, local time. Sealed tenders will be received at the following location: Public Works and Government Services Canada Bid Receiving  11 Laurier Street Place du Portage, Phase III Main Lobby Core 0A1 Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG Fax No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG Tender documents can be viewed at the local Construction Association  Please note that the tender results for this project are available from the Bid Opening Office. Inquiries relating to this solicitation are to be directed ONLY to the DCC Contracting Authority mentioned below. Bidders who contact the Department of National Defence (DND) to obtain clarifications during the solicitation period may, for that reason alone, be disqualified. The NEW STANDARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT DOCUMENTS -VERSION 2008, including the Instructions to Tenderers - (Form DCL 193) forms part of the Tender Package by reference. A hard copy of these documents can be ordered from MERX at telephone No.: PHONENUMBER_TAG (MERX Reference No. 153373). Bidders can obtain contract award results from the DCC Website at URL_TAG 
35423.txt	PLOT SEEDER FOR AGRICULTURE AND AGRI-FOOD CANADA Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: PLOT SEEDER FOR AGRICULTURE AND AGRI-FOOD CANADA For the supply and delivery of a new Small Plot Drill Seeder to Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, located at the Kentville Research Centre, Kentville, Nova Scotia. The requested drill seeder will be used in planting small (approximately 9.0 square meter) and large plots. Plots are seeded in various lengths from 2 meters to 30 meter long; hence accurate planting with optimal distribution of seeds over several rows within one research plot is required. This seeder will be used to seed approximately 1000 plots annually at a rate of about 150 per day. All items shall be delivered prior to March 31, 2012. This PWGSC office provides procurement services to the public in English. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Thorpe, Susan 210 R. 1713 Bedford Row Halifax, N.S./Halifax, (N.É.) POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
30487.txt	DND-BAG Eggs Trade Agreement: NONE Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: DESCRIPTION: This Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) request involves the provision, on an as and when ordered basis, of Eggs. IDENTIFIED USER: Department of National Defence, 3 Wing Bagotville, Bagotville, province of Quebec. PERIOD OF STANDING PROPOSAL: From June 1, 2011 to May 31, 2012, divided into four (4) three- (3-) month periods. Note: Offers will have to be submitted for each period, as per the schedule in Annex "B". DELIVERY: NOTE: Delivery hours must be respected. If an offeror can not meet this requirement, he will have to clearly specify his delivery possibilities on his offer. The client will then determine if the proposed days and hours can be acceptable. If not, the offer will not be considered. DELIVERY DND-BAG  Delivery addresses Delivery hours and specifications Department of National Defence 3 Wing Bagotville Building 87 Alouette (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:30 AM and between 1:00 PM and 1:30 PM Department of National Defence 3 Wing Bagotville Building 55 Alouette (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:30 AM and between 1:00 PM and 1:30 PM Only in June, July and August. Delay: The National Defence representative will place the orders at least fourty-eight (48) hours before delivery date. Emergency services: At all times during the period of the Standing Offer, when "Urgent" requests are made, the offerer (s) will commit to supplying the goods within twenty-four (24) hours following receipt of an order. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: Back Order: No substitute product will be accepted without prior authorization of the National Defence representative. QUANTITIES: The estimated quantities for each of the required items can be found in Annex B - Working Document - List of products. APPROXIMATE SCOPE OF THE STANDING PROPOSAL: The approximate scope of the Standing Proposal is $9,500.00 for the period from June 1, 2011 to May 31, 2012 inclusive. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Fournier, Caroline Gare Maritime Champlain Champlain Maritime Harbour 901, Cap Diamant Québec City Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
35419.txt	Vector Network Analyzer Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Vector Network Analyser 31034-119011/A Mathewson (Vic220), Don Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG  Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG The National Research Council, Herzberg Institute of Astrophysics, Victoria, BC has a requirement for a Vector Network Analyser Further information is available in the solicitation package. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Mathewson (Vic220), Don 401 - 1230 Government Street Victoria, B. C. POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
29043.txt	Fulfillment House To provide fulfillment house services for the Ontario Health Study program. 
37198.txt	Construction of new housing units of 96 beds Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Construction of a new housing unit of 96 beds This project involves without limitation to the construction of a new housing unit of medium security with 96 beds within the confines of the Federal Training Centre (FTC) located at 6099, boulevard Levesque Est (Saint-Vincent-de Paul) in Laval. This is a two-storey building with a gross area of approximately 2800 m². SITE VISIT: : A site visit will take place on January 12, 2012 at 9:30 am at the main entrance of the Federal Training Centre (FTC) located at 6099, boulevard Levesque Est (Saint-Vincent-de Paul) in Laval, Qc. The estimated cost for this opportunity is within the following cost category: over 5,000,000$ INQUIRIES: All enquiries regarding this tender, are to be submitted in writing to the Contractual Authority: Diane Duval, Supply Officer, fascimile PHONENUMBER_TAG or by e-mail at EMAIL_TAG TENDER DOCUMENTS: Firms intending to submit tenders on this project should obtain tender documents through the MERX service provider. Addenda, when issued, will be available from the MERX service provider. Firms that elect to base their bids on tender documents obtained from other sources do so at their own risk and will be solely responsible to inform the tender calling authority of their intention to bid.   The Crown reserves the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Standard terms and conditions for this procurement are incorporated by reference into, and form part f, the tender and contract documents. The standard documents are issued by Public Works and Government Services Canada and may be viewed on the MERX electronic bulletin board as part of the information module. Statements of Works and plans may be view at the following locations: ACQ at St-Léonard, APECQ at Chemin de la Savane, Montréal,Quebec. Drawings and Specifications are now available for viewing and downloading in a Portable Document Format (PDF) or in a standard paper version. Tenderers should note that Attachment 1 (ATT 1) contains the Drawings and Specifications Package (DSP) which consists of PDF files organized in an industry recognized directory structure. BID RECEIVING: Sealed tenders will be received in English or French at: Public Works and Government Services Canada, Place Bonaventure, South-East Portal B, 800 De la Gauchetiere Street West, suite 7300, Montreal Quebec, POSTALCODE_TAG. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Duval, Diane Place Bonaventure, portail Sud-Est 800, rue de La Gauchetière Ouest 7 ième étage Montréal Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
33803.txt	Water Jet Cutting System, Cold Lake (Alberta) Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Waterjet Cutting System, Cold Lake, Alberta Department of National Defence (DND), Cold Lake, Alberta has a requirement for the supply, delivery, offloading and complete assembly of one (1) cantilever or flying bridge style submerged abrasive waterjet shape cutting system. The system will be used to abrasive waterjet cut complex flat parts out of materials including metal, polymers, glass, ceramic and composites directly from a drawing file by a single operator. The system must be automatic and dynamic with respect to motion and controls and be capable of submerged cutting with water level adjustment. The system will be operated in a heavy-duty industrial environment and shall be capable of intermittent operation over an extended period of time with minimal maintenance and upkeep. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Tikhonovitch, Alex Telus Plaza North/Plaza Telus Nord 10025 Jasper Ave./10025 ave Jasper 5th floor/5e étage Edmonton Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
39175.txt	Policy Development Support Consultant The objectives of the service is to effectively assist PSIA develop, communicate and implement strategic processes required for policy development. The Service Provider shall provide, in consultation with PSIA, the following services: Assist in the development of comprehensive policy process and direction for PSIA policy development projects; Develop and implement strategic communications plans for announcement and implementation of PSIA policy development projects; Develop strategic management plans to guide internal resources for PSIA policy development projects; and Assist in information gathering, documentation and sharing to support policy development projects by PSIA; URL_TAG 
31073.txt	Snow Removal Services, Cold Lake, Alberta Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: For the provision of all labour, materials, tools, equipment, transportation, and supervision necessary for snow and ice clearing and removal services from vehicle parking lots and access areas to buildings located outside the General Restricted Area (GRA) as specified in the Statement of Work attached as Annex "A" in the Solicitation and on an "as and when requested" basis at the Department of National Defence (DND), 4 Wing Cold Lake, Cold Lake, Alberta, for the period of February 1, 2012 to January 31, 2015, (estimated). Contractor must be prepared to address snowfall day or night with a 24 hour service operation. The Contractor should be prepared to work at any time depending on snowfall with minimal disruption to base operations. This PWGSC office provides procurement service to the public in English. E:mail address: EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Selinger, Dale Telus Plaza North/Plaza Telus Nord 10025 Jasper Ave./10025 ave Jasper 5th floor/5e étage Edmonton Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37255.txt	SPARES FOR VICTORIA CLASS SUBMARINE Trade Agreement: AIT Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Most economic bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirement: The Department of National Defence has a requirement for spare parts (10 line items) in support of the Victoria Class Submarines, which are to be delivered to Halifax, Nova Scotia and to Victoria, British-Columbia, such as: Item No.: 0003 & 0004, NSN: 6060-01-592-0107, CONNECTOR ASSEMBLY, FIBER OPTIC Quantity: 4, Unit of Issue: Each Quality Assurance Code: Q P/N: FA00028; NCAGE: 18863 Item No.: 0005 & 0006, NSN: 6060-01-592-0109, CONNECTOR ASSEMBLY, FIBER OPTIC Quantity: 4, Unit of Issue: Each Quality Assurance Code: Q P/N: FA00030; NCAGE: 18863 Item No.: 0009 & 0010, NSN: 6020-01-590-3398, CABLE ASSEMBLY, FIBER OPTIC, BRANCHED  Quantity: 2, Unit of Issue: Each Quality Assurance Code: Q (Subject to Controlled Goods clause) P/N: 257819, NCAGE: 06324 All NCAGE's for this requirement: 18863, 06324 Delivery Date Required: As soon as possible. Requests for complete bid packages should be directed to the Contracting Authority below. The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. 
37280.txt	T-52-552-11 100th Avenue Bridge Rehabilitation Sealed Tenders addressed to the City of Grande Prairie Purchasing Department will be received at the office of the Purchasing Administrator, up to 2:00 p.m. local time, Friday, January 13, 2012 for the 100th Avenue Bridge Rehabilitation. URL_TAG 
37349.txt	Opportunity Description: This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must btain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. Item #: 1 Commodity No.: N7230E DRAPERIES/CURTAINS, CLOTH - SUPPLY AND INSTALLATION (INCLUDING HARDWARE)     La présente est un avis d'appel d'offres seulement. Afin de présenter une soumission, vous devez obtenir les documents de soumission officiels en vous adressant au Réseau de possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick, à un service de distribution autorisé ou à une autre source telle qu'indiquée dans l'avis d'appel d'offres. Nº d'article: 1 Ndegrees de la marchandise: N7230E DRAPERIES/CURTAINS, CLOTH - SUPPLY AND INSTALLATION (INCLUDING HARDWARE)     Administrative address is Mount Allison University Financial Services, Room 310 65 York Street SACKVILLE, New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG     L'adresse administrative est Mount Allison University Financial Services, Room 310 65 York Street SACKVILLE, Nouveau-Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG
35470.txt	St. Patrick's Home of Ottawa - Project Monitoring Services St. Patrick's Home of Ottawa Inc. (SPH) is a Catholic, registered, charitable, not-for-profit, long term care home, serving older persons of all religious and ethnic origins, sponsored by the Catholic Health Corporation of Ontario. St. Patrick's Home is an active partner in the Ontario/provincial long term care system providing excellent care and services through a holistic resident-centred, interdisciplinary approach. The Home provides a variety of outreach services to seniors living in their own homes, including a day program, Meals-On-Wheels and other supportive services. For over 140 years, St. Patrick's Home of Ottawa has provided loving care to the residents in our charge. Originally established as an orphanage and asylum, St. Patrick's has evolved to become a leading provider of long-term care. We provide a comfortable, homelike environment with 202 beds, where residents continue to grow intellectually, spiritually and socially and find meaning in activities of daily living, despite the complexities of their care requirements. Our compassionate environment is rooted in our Catholic values which infuse the work of every staff member and volunteer, and in our communal pride in maintaining and furthering our long tradition of resident-centered care.  St. Patrick's is meeting the challenges of changing health care requirements for our clients through a redevelopment of our Home, bringing the latest technology to our campus and providing a new long term care facility that meets and exceeds the most modern standards. Our services will encompass the best of holistic health care for long term residents and permit our nursing and personal care staff to provide the best care for residents with complex health issues in a state-of-the-art home which conforms to current MOHLTC Design Standards.  Turner & Townsend cm2r Inc. (T&Tcm2r) has been engaged by SPH to provide Project Management Services for this project. As Project Managers, Turner & Townsend cm2r will be responsible for the management of all consultants, vendors, contractors, associated with this project to facilitate SPH's goals and objectives. Barry J. Hobin & Associates Architects Inc. (BJH) has been engaged by SPH as the Architect and Prime Consultant for this Project.  Infrastructure Ontario Projects Corporation is providing financing for this project. On behalf of the St. Patrick's and Infrastructure Ontario, Turner & Townsend cm2r Inc. invites you to submit a response to this Request for Proposals for Project Monitoring Services. This RFP invites propenents to show their capacity to deliver the required project monitoring functions and duties for this project.  
36940.txt	2011016-T-RFP- REACT-IR AND A REACTION CALORIMETER We hereby invite your company to partner with the University of Ottawa in this great project funded by the Canada Foundation for Innovation and the Ontario Research Fund by submitting an offer to this Request for Proposals and by including an in-kind contribution.  The University of Ottawa is pleased to invite qualified bidders in the context of Canada Foundation for Innovation (CFI) Funded Projects to submit a proposal for a React-IR and a Reaction calorimeter.The University of Ottawa will accept individual pricing for each of the outline instruments. A full solution approach will be considered favorably in the evaluation.  MERX For all information, please order document from Merx Please note; Merx is the sole distributor of this document.  For more details please call: 1-PHONENUMBER_TAG or PHONENUMBER_TAG during our regular business hours, Monday to Friday (excluding Public Holidays) from 7:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. EASTERN TIME. 
31164.txt	Pre-Qualified Architects Only Architects prequalified by Fraser Health for Acute Care Projects over $2M may bid on this Request for Proposals (RFP). The Fraser Health will not consider a bid from a firm not already pre-qualified. The pre-qualification lists are renewed every 6 mont hs and may be viewed at the Fraser Health website: URL_TAGf raserhealth.ca About Us Business Center Facilities Management Prequalification Process Site Visit Fraser Health Authority will arrange a site visit for the benefit of intere sted Proponents who are preparing Proposals. The date and time of site visit(s) are as note d below: Date: October 19, 2011 Time: 15:00-16:00 Hours Local Time Meeting Location: Meet at 15:00 Hours at Main Entrance of Langley Memorial Hospital 22051 Fraser Highway, Langley, BC V3A-4H4 PROJECT OVERVIEW The need to expand the existing LMH Maternity Unit and provide new faciliti es for the existing Maternity Clinic has been identified in a business case prepared b y Fraser Health in May 2010 and revised May 2011. The majority of the project will be a vertical addition to the South-West r of of the North Tower. This will house the Maternity Clinic; Maternity assessment facilitie s and shelled space for future SRMC expansion. Vertical expansion space: a new space of approximately 808 M2 will contain: The Maternity Clinic which is presently operating out of temporary space wi thin the hospital. The design allows for exam rooms, physician offices, reception an d waiting. Adjacent to the Clinic will be assessment space for the Maternity departmen t with appropriate exam and office space. The shelled space is intended for future expansion/growth of maternity. Thi s location is to remain in close proximity to the Maternity area to the East. Existing Floor Areas: approximately 353 M2 total (including approximately 2 28 M2 of existing shelled floor area). Four new SRMC rooms within the shelled space Zhu, Elizabeth Fraser Health Authority Lower Mainland Facilities Management Central City Tower Suite 400, 13450 102nd Avenue Surrey British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Contact : Zhu, Elizabeth Télécopieur : 1 (604) 9305411 Région(s) concernée(s) : BC Adresse Web : URL_TAG
34269.txt	Development of an Accreditation System for Research Ethics Boards (REBs) and Human Research Particip REQUEST FOR INFORMATION REFERENCE NUMBER: 1000133503  PROJECT TITLE: Development of an Accreditation System for Research Ethics Boards (REBs) and Human Research Participant Protection Programs for Clinical Research in Canada PURPOSE: Accreditation is a recurring issue in the discussions on the governance of research involving humans in Canada. Arguments in favour of the accreditation process suggest that it is successful in other areas (such as hospitals, university programs, and laboratories) and could be used by research organizations to foster the governance of research involving humans to high ethical standards. Accreditation is one way to encourage best practices in governing research and promoting greater efficiencies. This is particularly important in multi-site clinical research. Accreditation can promote trust among participating research sites and facilitate mutual acceptance of ethics reviews. Accreditation is a process that complements the Government of Canada's regulatory and inspection framework for clinical trials by providing greater confidence that research sites are properly governed and conduct trials that protect Canadian research participants. The purpose of this Request for Information (RFI) enquiry is to better understand the elements of developing an accreditation system for research ethics boards and human research participant protection programs for clinical research in Canada including cost estimates. We request more information on the following critical elements of an accreditation system: in addition to the draft Canadian General Standards Board National Standard of Canada for Research Ethics Oversight of Biomedical Clinical Trials, the standards to be used for the accreditation system and the strategy for updating the standards at regular intervals,  the accreditation process in detail including, for example, pre-site questionnaires, site visit protocols and report frameworks, a strategy for the continuous quality improvement of the accreditation system itself through feedback from accredited sites, researchers, research participants, and other stakeholders,  clearly articulated strategy for recruiting and training of on-site accreditation evaluators in standards and research ethics, a marketing strategy for the accreditation system,  a project management plan for implementing the accreditation system within 12 (twelve) months after the start of the project, a cost estimate for developing, marketing, and implementing as well as a cost-recovery model for the accreditation system over time, a risk management framework for addressing challenges, and a description of the characteristics of the accrediting organization that are necessary for success (e.g., existing track record for accreditation in the health care setting, ability to function in both official languages, and be itself accredited). NOTE TO POTENTIAL RESPONDENTS:  This is not a bid solicitation and a contract will not result. Potential respondents are advised that any information submitted to the  government in response to this Request for Information may be used by  the government in the development of a subsequent Request for Proposal. The issuance of this Request for Information does not create an  bligation for the Crown to issue a subsequent RFP. It should also be noted that no agreement to do business with any  respondent will result from this specific enquiry. CLOSING DATE: Responses to this Request for Information will be accepted at any time  until 2 pm January 31, 2012. CONTRACT OFFICER: Suppliers interested in providing a response should submit their response directly to the Contracting Officer by the RFI closing date. The preferred method of response is by e-mail at:  Name of Contract Officer: Jerome Collette E-mail address: EMAIL_TAG 
35502.txt	Communications Plan REDI completed a communications plan in 2004, and would like an updated version to accurately reflect our current activities. An evaluation of current practices, tactics, and tools was completed in 2010, and we would like to use the information in this document to improve our communication strategy. The objective of the project is the creation of a communications strategy with specific attention to our business engagement within and outside of our region, with measureable outcomes. We require the following items: a) Brand Identity Standards & Stationary Package (including folder, business cards and letter head) b) Print publications including templates for a monthly newsletter, a quarterly newsletter, and news releases c) A digital and print backgrounder for REDI which effectively communicates the priorities of our organization and is easily updated d) A template for a digital newsletter e) A presentation template (PowerPoint) f) A communications strategy worksheet for future projects that incorporates REDI's key messages, and is easily completed. URL_TAG 
38086.txt	Developing systems-based visual thinking methods and tools for the Canada Controlled Substances Act HEALTH CANADA ADVANCE CONTRACT AWARD NOTICE TITLE: Developing systems-based visual thinking methods and tools for the Canada Controlled Substances Act SOLICITATION NUMBER: 1. The purpose and explanation of an ACAN An Advance Contract Award Notice (ACAN) allows Health Canada contracting authorities to post a notice on MERX, for no less than fifteen (15) calendar days, indicating to the supplier community that a good, service or construction contract will be awarded to a pre-identified contractor. If no other supplier submits, on or before the closing date, a Statement of Capabilities that meets the requirements set out in the ACAN, the contracting authority may then proceed with the award. However, should a Statement of Capabilities be found to meet the requirements set out in the ACAN, then the contracting authority will proceed to a full tendering process. 2. Rights of suppliers Suppliers who believe that they are fully qualified and available to provide the services or goods described in this ACAN may submit a Statement of Capabilities clearly demonstrating how they meet the advertised requirement. This Statement of Capabilities must be provided via e-mail only to the contact person identified in Section 12 of the Notice on or before the closing date and time of the Notice. If there is a reasonable level of evidence regarding capability, the requirements will be opened to electronic or traditional bidding processes. 3. Proposed Contractor Delsys Research Group Inc 108-55 Murray Street Ottawa, ON POSTALCODE_TAG 4. Definition of Requirements or Expected Results The Marihuana Medical Access Program (the Program) provides seriously ill Canadians with access to marihuana for medical purposes. Due to a number of concerns echoed by various stakeholders, Health Canada has announced its intention to reform the Program. These changes will be implemented by the development of a new regulation under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act (CDSA). . The purpose of the CDSA is to ensure the safety and security of Canadians by placing reasonable constraints and oversight to the production, sale, and distribution of the substances which may have adverse effects on the health and safety of Canadians if not used in a safe and controlled manner. The new regulation currently being contemplated by Health Canada would include changes to the rules by which marihuana for medical purposes is made available to seriously ill Canadians. Under the current Program, Health Canada authorises individuals to possess marihuana for medical purposes. Once authorised, these individuals may choose one of three legal sources: (1) they may purchase marihuana from Health Canada; (2) they may apply for a personal use production license and produce their own supply of marihuana; or (3) they may designate another individual to produce marihuana on their behalf under a designated person production license. The proposed changes would simplify the process by which individuals obtain access to marihuana for medical purposes in that Health Canada would no longer receive and process applications from program participants. A new supply and distribution system for dried marihuana that relies solely on licensed commercial producers would be established. These licensed commercial producers, who would be inspected and audited by Health Canada so as to ensure that they comply with all applicable regulatory requirements, would be able to cultivate any strain(s) of marihuana they choose. Finally, the production of marihuana for medical purposes by individuals in homes and communities would be phased out.  Health Canada wishes to have the changes fully implemented by March 2014, an ambitious timeline given that the development of new regulations can take between 18 and 24 months. To facilitate this regulatory change, the contractor will provide strategic advisory services relating to regulatory planning, program design, integrated implementation planning and internal/external communications using a variety of visual thinking methods and tools. The methods and tools developed by the contractor will be used by the Healthy Environments and Consumer Safety Branch (HECSB) to plan for the development and implementation of legislation new regulatory framework and to communicate policies, procedures, and communications materials for the program in a user-friendly, transparent, visual format to officials designed under the act, industry stakeholders, potential licensees, patients and other interested parties. The methods and tools developed by the contractor will be essential for clearly and transparently communicating to both internal and external stakeholders how both the amended legislation and the program itself will be implemented. Health Canada is of the view that systems-based visual thinking methods and tools would be the most effective method to support the legislative amendments and the resulting changes in program administration. The contractor will perform tasks in the following work streams in support Health Canada's development and subsequent implementation and administration of a new regulatory framework. All deliverables noted are subject to revision per the needs of Health Canada and the project team, to ensure that the right tools are developed on an as-needed basis. 1) High-Level Implementation Plans Services: - Draft and finalize an integrated implementation plan based on a scenario in which the Controlled Substances Act's regulations are revised and come into force by FY 2014, using systems-based visual thinking tools. The overarching implementation plan should clearly communicate what internal and external stakeholders can expect as the regulations are revised and brought into force; - Provide advice, guidance and visual communications tools as required in the design and transition of the program's governance structure required to support the new regulations.  - Provide advice and guidance on the alignment of roles and responsibilities given the transition to a program design; - Facilitate group modelling workshops, to develop high-level strategic plans with the full participation and investment of Health Canada management; - Develop high-level strategies to coordinate with key stakeholders during the transition period taking into account systemic outputs and feedback loops, including key messages and milestones. Deliverables: - High-level (executive-style) and detailed (PERT/GANTT chart) implementation models depicting major streams of activities; roles and responsibilities of key project personnel; and linkages and information flows between activities; - High-level (executive-style) and detailed process maps depicting major business processes related to regulatory program delivery activities at both the strategic and operational levels; - High-level strategic approach/planning documents communicating key activities, milestones, and deliverables for implementation; - High-level governance structure including conceptual graphics depicting relationships, reporting structures, decision points and communication links between Health Canada and licensees; - Project-related briefing and communications materials suitable for use in briefing at the ministerial and other senior management levels; - Project-related briefing and communications materials suitable for use by senior management in interdepartmental/intergovernmental and multi-stakeholder consultations; - Project-related briefing and communications materials (e.g., reports or briefing-decks) recounting project activities and process design/improvement recommendations; - Integrated Risk Framework identifying risks associated with the implementation plan and timeline. 2) Detailed Implementation Plans Services: - Draft and finalize detailed implementation plans to gain more precision in support of the elements of the overarching implementation plan that may include, but are not limited to, the following activities/milestones: a) activities/milestone related to the development of options for amendments to the Controlled Substances Act's regulatory regime; c) activities/milestone related to the development of licensing regulations and guidelines; e) activities/milestone related to the definition of appropriate designations; f) activities/milestone related to the drafting of orders for tests and other documents for licensing; g) activities/milestone related to the development of industry guidance on the new regulations; h) activities/milestone related to the development of an outreach strategy for patients, industry and the medical community; k) activities/milestone related to the development and analysis of policies relating to confidential business information, personal information and information sharing with other organizations; l) activities/milestone related to interviews with key program staff to determine operational needs of their specific areas of operation and expertise; m) activities/milestone related to the development of high-level (executive-style) and detailed models depicting major business processes related to the implementation of key initiatives and their expected outcomes. Deliverables: The subordinate implementation plans should use visual communications methods to convey, with an appropriate level of detail, expected changes that internal and external stakeholders can expect as the revised regulations come into force. They may include, but are not restricted to: - Detailed operational planning documents communicating key activities, milestones, and deliverables for program implementation, as identified through System Dynamics principles; - Maps of governance structures with conceptual graphics depicting relationships, reporting structures, decision points and communication links between key stakeholders both internal and external to the program; - Information visualization-based "dashboard" displays of all stakeholders, including internal government personnel, the medical community, and industry, depicting information-sharing loops and relationships between them; - Comprehensive System Dynamics-based process maps depicting major business processes related to regulatory program delivery activities, and the risks associated with them, at both strategic and operational levels; - Project-related briefing and communications materials suitable for use by senior management in interdepartmental/intergovernmental and multi-stakeholder consultations; - Facilitation and support for the development of a holistic, multidisciplinary compliance and enforcement strategy for the program. 3. Needs Assessment Services: - Define requirements for the development of the new regulations; - Consult with Health Canada personnel to determine what work has been completed and/or is currently underway in support of the amendments to the legislation; - Conduct a gap analysis to document work package requirements for legislative amendments, program design and operational implementation; - Analyse the Controlled Substances Act to determine what implementation tools are required for each of the provisions (e.g, policy and guidance documents, training needs, regulatory development, etc.); - These analyses will inform the development and refinement of the high-level and detailed implementation plans, above. Deliverables: - Written summary (report) of the requirements for the implementation of a revised Controlled Substances Act regulatory regime; - DECK or other presentation materials summarizing key findings and lessons from the Needs Assessment; - Additional visual products to clearly communicate key intervention points and timelines, as discovered through the Needs Assessment. 4. Stakeholder Outreach and Communications Services: - Develop communications and outreach plan and related training materials using System Dynamics-based visual communications techniques. - Review materials written by Health Canada (e.g. policy and guidance documents, standard operating procedures, etc.) and facilitate alignment with new program requirements by developing visual communications materials including outreach and awareness materials and internal training materials. - Develop of outreach materials including web-ready outreach, training, communication and/or other related materials for: A) Designated officials and other internal Health Canada personnel; B) Licensed industry; C) Medical community; D) Patients. - Ensure that Communications materials for stakeholders communicate clearly what internal and external stakeholders can expect as the revised Controlled Substances Act regulations are brought into force. Deliverables: - Visual and written training materials and/or other materials for key officials administering the Act and those officials designated under the new Act, the licensed industry, patients, and the medical community; - Project-related briefing and communications materials suitable for use by senior management in interdepartmental/intergovernmental and multi-stakeholder communication; - Web-ready material for dissemination of information to the public; - Private portals for dissemination of information intended for selected audiences only, e.g. licensees or potential licensees. 5. Strategic Advice and Guidance Services: - Provide on-going support, research, and analysis in support of the revision and implementation of the Controlled Substances Act; - Offer guidance on effective streamlining of any regulations drafted for the revised Act; - Research legislation and regulation of controlled substances in other jurisdictions, to allow for informed comparative analysis; - Develop a risk-based compliance strategy, informed by Systems Thinking for a holistic approach to managing risk; - Advice and guidance on the development and drafting of compliance mechanisms and tools, such as the licensing regime; - Research and analysis of the financial impact of new regulations upon Health Canada and the industry, rooted in disciplined System Dynamics principles and methodology; - Facilitate the adoption of policies, guidelines, standard operating procedures and integrated plans through visual thinking-based methods and tools; - Provide advice and assistance in conceptualizing the overall scope and structure of integrated legislative and regulatory implementation models through workshops, interviews, and seminars; - Prepare large and reduced-format graphical outputs, as required; - Provide electronic copies of all original work and graphics in a suitable format (PDF, PNG, JPG) on request; - Develop electronic interactive versions of any visual models developed over the course of the contract; - Liaise and collaborate with other contractors to ensure uniformity of materials. Deliverables: - Written report outlining the risk-based compliance strategy for implementation; - Interactive dashboard for a forward agenda, integrating systems-based strategic plans with information visualization of key objectives for a clear "path forward"; - Stakeholder consultation and engagement framework (Communications Conceptual Model); - Systems thinking-based industry engagement outcome map; - Medical community engagement outcome process map' - Conceptual models, depicting and summarizing the broader "theory of the business" to focus internal resources; - Regulatory risk "menus", to allow Health Canada to make informed decisions, balancing the regulatory design opportunities against potential risks; - Project-related briefing and communications materials suitable for use by senior management in interdepartmental/intergovernmental and multi-stakeholder consultations. 5. Minimum requirements Any interested supplier must demonstrate by way of a Statement of Capabilities that it meets the following minimum requirements:  a) Team lead must have a minimum of 10 years experience in developing and applying visual thinking and communications tools in a legislative/regulatory context using System Dynamics and Systems Thinking to help ensure that all products take a holistic approach to analysis, project design, process design and regulatory program implementation.  b) Minimum one team member must be a trained System Dynamicist. c) The firm and its employees to be deployed on the project must have experience with the development of subordinate legislation, regulatory project design, compliance and enforcement strategy design, development of compliance policies, regulatory staff training and stakeholder engagement. d) All team members to be deployed on the project by the firm must have Secret level security clearance. e) The firm and its employees must have experience on a minimum of five projects involving the implementation of legislative initiatives in a regulatory context.  f) The firm and its employees must have recent experience (within the past 3 years) providing systems thinking-based, visual products in support of a new or revised legislative regime. 6. Reason for non-competitive award The Government Contract Regulations allow limited tendering under Section 6(d), which states "only one person or firm is capable of performing the contract". Health Canada is not aware of any other contractors who have the capability to use systems-based visual thinking methods and tools to support the implementation of the revised legislation. Health Canada is of the view that the systems-based visual thinking methods would be a highly effective method to support the new implementation of legislation, based on recent experience within Health Canada. The contractor is the only firm with the required capabilities to successfully provide strategic advisory services aimed at developing a fully integrated, flexible and transparent approach to implementing the revised Controlled Substances Act using systems-based visual thinking methods and tools, as required by Health Canada. Delsys Research Group is the only firm in Canada staffed by trained System Dynamicists who possess knowledge of the systems-based visual thinking methods and tools and the skills to develop qualitative and quantitative (i.e., simulation) System Dynamics models. Delsys Research Group has worked with over 70 government legislative initiatives and has developed a high level of expertise in the design and delivery of regulatory programs and advising clients at the federal, provincial, and international levels. Delsys Research Group is known for its unique and innovative use of visual thinking and visual communications techniques for analysis and communication. They have been recognized nationally and internationally for over 30 years as having a rare ability to use systems-based visual thinking and communication tools to represent complex concepts and in graphical formats that communicate clearly and with considerable impact. Their service reflects a synthesis of highly developed in-house expertise in law, public administration, System Dynamics modelling, quantitative risk assessment, visual thinking and communications methodologies, graphical design and interactive media. 7. Applicable trade agreements and justification for limited tendering or the Procurement Strategy for Aboriginal Business This contract is subject to the following trade agreements: North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), Article 1016.2 (b), Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT), Article 506.12 (b) and the World Trade Organization – Agreement on Government Procurement (WTO-AGP), Article XV.1.(b). Article 1016.2(b) of NAFTA, Article XV.1 (b) of WTO and Article 506.12 (b) of the AIT allows contracts to be directed to a particular firm when the products or services can be supplied only by a particular supplier and no reasonable alternatives or substitute exists. 8. Ownership of Intellectual Property The Crown will own intellectual property. Canada (i.e. Health Canada) will retain ownership of the intellectual property, invoking the appropriate exemption from Section 6 of the Treasury Board Policy on Title to Intellectual Property Arising Under Crown Procurement Contracts as follows: Under the Crown Procurement Contract, the Crown may own the Foreground for the following reasons: 6.4 when the main purpose of the Crown Procurement Contract, or of the deliverables contracted for, is: 6.4.1 to generate knowledge and information for public dissemination; Canada (i.e. Health Canada) intends to retain ownership of any intellectual property arising out of the proposed contract given that the main purpose of the contract is to generate knowledge and information for public dissemination. 9. Period of the proposed contract The services of the contractor will be required for a period of approximately one year and six months commencing on or about November 21st, 2011. The expected completion date of this project is March 31, 2013. 10. Estimated value of the proposed contract  The total estimated value of the proposed contract should not exceed $180,000.00, including travel and living expenses (if applicable), and all applicable taxes, for the first period of work concluding on March 31, 2011. The second phase of work should not exceed $320,000.00, including all applicable taxes, concluding March 31, 2012. The total Contract value may be increased up to an additional $150,000.00 including all applicable taxes, under the same terms and conditions, with a possible related extension of the work period, to March 31, 2013. For a total estimated value not to exceed $650,000.00. 11. Closing date and time  The closing date and time for accepting Statements of Capabilities is January 5, 2012 at 2 p.m. EST. 12. Contact Person All inquiries with regard to this Notice must be addressed by e-mail to: Name: Cheryl Moss E-Mail: EMAIL_TAG 
29102.txt	Trailer, Dump, Hydraulic, 9500 lb Capacity ISSUING DEPARTMENT: Procurement Services Branch DATE ISSUED: 12/10/2011 ISSUED BY: Shaun Ritchie TELEPHONE: PHONENUMBER_TAG NOTE: Purchasing Agent: Shaun Ritchie - phone PHONENUMBER_TAG (or) email: EMAIL_TAG Please contact the individual noted above if additional information r clarification is required on the following items. Bidder must indicate if you are able to meet the requested delivery date of November 30, 2011. yes   OR no   If NO, then indicate a realistic delivery as follows: Delivery in   working days or  weeks from receipt of the order. F.O.B. DESTINATION, FREIGHT PREPAID DELIVERED TO MANITOBA CONSERVATION, 7 DNR ROAD, WINNIPEG BEACH, MB. (unit prices include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance, handling etc.) ASSOCIATED COMPONENTS (that is, Request for Quotation-(RFQ)) documents must be purchased from MERX to be considered. To obtain the official RFQ document please follow the "Associated Components: Preview/Order" link at the top of this page. Bidders must "login" to MERX to access the General Terms & Conditions which apply to this RFQ, in addition to those shown below. After "login" follow the links - Information - Government Publications - Manitoba Terms and Conditions - Request for Quotation If you have faxed your quote to PSB and wish to confirm that all pages have been received please call our general inquiry line PHONENUMBER_TAG Vendor#s e-mail address: (if available)   Quantity clarification: quantity listed contains 2 or 3 decimals  ITEM QTY DESCRIPTION DELIVERY NO. DATE ======================================================== ITEM 10 30/11/2011 1.00 Each GSIN: N2330MATERIAL: 99665099 TRAILERS, OTHER, AS DESCRIBED BELOW: NEW 2011 OR BETTER TRAILER, DUMP, HYDRAULIC, 14 FEET LONG, 9500 LB CAPACITY AS PER ATTACHED SPECIFICATION 665-099-29, SPECIFICATION MUST BE COMPLETED AND RETURNED WITH BID OR BID MAY BE REJECTED. MUST MEET OR EXCEED ATTACHED SPECIFICATION NOTE: DESCRIPTIVE LITERATURE MUST BE RETURNED WITH BID OR BID MAY BE REJECTED. ======================================================== Note: If any of the above items/features are accessories they are to be included and installed prior to delivery. QUOTATION EVALUATION Generally the lowest overall price of an acceptable item(s) in accordance with the terms & conditions of the RFQ will be awarded the order. Quotations will be evaluated based on product offered compared to product description/specifications requested, delivery, price, warranty, quality of the bidder's performance in past awards and any other terms & conditions indicated on this RFQ Failure to provide adequate information to evaluate the item offered may be cause for rejection of your quote by the Manitoba Government (Manitoba) PRODUCT: Items offered are to meet or exceed the specifications indicated for the items listed If it is your intention to offer an item which does not meet all the specifications outlined, then you must indicate all intended deviations r changes on the return quote. In the absence of any particular construction details, the product ffered is to be completed with first quality design, manufacturing, finishing techniques and materials as required to produce a first quality product for the intended use. It should be noted that clarification of missing details may require discussions etc. with the end user. PRODUCT DEMO In the event your company has not produced this product or a similar product for the Manitoba Government recently, you must be prepared to demonstrate ( at your expense) your product to Manitoba. Bidders must be prepared to provide, if requested, references of current users of the model offered. QUALITY / ACCEPTABILITY Any product supplied must be new, unused, first quality. All goods delivered are subject to inspection prior to delivery acceptance. Signing of any delivery slip should not be construed as acceptance of the product delivered. Manitoba reserves the right to reject any product, after final inspection that does not meet the specification or product description requested. Manitoba reserves the right to reject any product supplied which, upon inspection or use, is deemed by the using department to be unacceptable for their intended use. Products to be supplied as specified on the contract/purchase order. Any substitutes shipped without prior written approval will be rejected at time of delivery or held at shippers risk pending return instructions Products rejected by the using department will be returned to the Vendor for full credit or replacement product at no cost to Manitoba r the contract may be cancelled. DELIVERY: F.O.B. DESTINATION, FREIGHT PREPAID DELIVERED TO MANITOBA CONSERVATION, 7 DNR ROAD, WINNIPEG BEACH, MB. ( unit prices include all necessary charges e.g. freight, insurance, handling etc.) If any charges are not included please explain in detail any/all charges which will be extra to the unit prices quoted and will be charged on the invoice. INSPECTION: Final inspection and acceptance or rejection of the goods will be made promptly as practicable, but failure to inspect and accept or reject goods promptly does not mean that the Manitoba Government has accepted these goods. The Government of Manitoba reserves the right to inspect the goods for up to 90 days after the date of delivery. Partial acceptance of rejection of an order does not release the Bidder from its responsibility to complete the order. WARRANTY MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY: State warranty of units offered ( as applicable to Manitoba's use) (Manitoba's use would usually be considered commercial application not consumer) Product   months OR   years Labour   months OR   years Please note: During the period of the warranty offered, all labour, transportation, parts, surcharges including shipping and brokerage will be included. The Province of Manitoba will not pay additional charges while the item(s) offered are under the above stated warranty. If the warranty offered is the Vendor's warranty in combination with r in place of the Manufacturer's warranty then a complete explanation must be provided. WARRANTY SERVICE/LOCATION Potential costs associated with the location of warranty service might be used in the evaluation of this quote Is warranty service provided on site at our premises? Yes  or No  If No Indicate the location the unit must be sent to for manufacturer's certified and/or approved warranty service Company name  Location (city & province)  Do you have a toll free phone number for warranty service? Yes  or No  IF YES PLEASE PROVIDE:  AFTER WARRANTY SERVICE: Is after warranty service provider the same as above? Yes   or No  If No please advise Company name  Location (city & province)  REGISTRATION/FORMS: All dealer supplied forms that are required for the Department to register/insure the unit in Manitoba must be fully completed and provided immediately on delivery. GOVERNING LAWS Manitoba requires its suppliers to adhere to provincial labour laws and, where businesses use sources outside of Canada, Manitoba expects suppliers to comply with local labour laws in the country of manufacture TERMINATION Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, immediately terminate a purchase rder/contract in writing if: a) the vendor fails to properly fulfill, perform, satisfy and carry out each and every one of its obligations under the purchase order/contract, r b) the vendor fails or refuses to comply with a verbal or written request or direction from Manitoba within three(3) days of receiving the request or direction; or c) the vendor become bankrupt or insolvent or liquidates; or d) a receiver, trustee or custodian is appointed for the assets of the vendor, or any partner thereof; or e) the vendor or any partner thereof makes a compromise, arrangement, or assignment with or for the benefit of the creditors of the vendor or of that partner, as the case may be; or f) the vendor fails to secure or renew any license or permit for the vendors business required by law; or any such license or permit is revoked or suspended; or g) the vendor or any partner, officer or director of the vendor is found guilty of an indictable offence; or h) the vendor fails to comply with any law or regulation relating to the employment of its employees; or i) the vendor at any time engages in any activities or trade practices which, in the opinion of Manitoba, are prejudicial to the interests of Manitoba, or a department or agency thereof; or j) there is a breach of any provision of the purchase order/contract. k) the goods provided by the vendor are not according to the contract or therwise unsatisfactory; or l) the services provided by the vendor are unsatisfactory, inadequate, r are improperly performed; or m) the vendor has failed to meet the delivery date indicated on the purchase order/contract or repeatedly failed to meet the delivery lead time, indicated on the purchase order/contract. Manitoba may, in its sole discretion, terminate the purchase rder/contract at any time by giving at least 30 days written notice to the vendor prior to the intended termination date. This termination may be used for those instances where there are program changes, funding changes, etc. All purchases by Manitoba under the purchase rder/contract are subject to and expressly conditional upon the Legislature of Manitoba duly appropriating funds to the fiscal year in which they are required to be paid. For the multi-year contracts the RFQ/contract term "fiscal year" means the period commencing April 1st of ne year and ending on March 31st of the next ensuing year. PUBLICITY, MEDIA, OFFICIAL ENQUIRIES AND ADVERTISING: Neither the bidder nor its suppliers/vendors, employees nor consultants shall make any public statement making reference to, or relating to the existence or performance of the purchase order/contract in any advertising, testimonials or promotional material without the prior written consent of the Province of Manitoba, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The provision of this condition shall apply during the extension of a purchase order/contract and indefinitely after its expiry or termination. CONFIDENTIALITY: The content of this RFQ and any other information received by the Bidder relating to the RFQ, gained through the RFQ process or otherwise, is to be treated in strict confidentiality. The Bidder shall not disclose any f the information in whole or in part to anyone not specifically involved in the preparation of the Bidder's quotation, unless written consent is secured from Manitoba prior to the said disclosure. The bligation of each Bidder to maintain confidentiality shall survive the expiration or the acceptance/rejection of their quotation and/or any resulting Contract/ Agreement(s) to supply the requirements of this RFQ. FAVOURED CUSTOMER CLAUSE: If during the period of the offer the Bidders offers for sale like quality and quantity similar to customers at more favourable terms, the current quoted price shall be immediately altered to a level that reflects the same favourable terms. PROVISION OF GOODS/SERVICES TO MANITOBA BOARDS, ET AL: During the term of the Agreement, or any renewal thereof, the Contractor agrees to offer the goods/services upon written approval of PSB: a) to corporations, boards commissions, councils, bureaus, agencies or associations that are controlled by the Government of Manitoba, or all f the members of which are appointed by the Government of Manitoba, whether by order-in-council or legislation or by a Minister of the Government of Manitoba; release of the purchase order/outline agreement will be at PSB#s discretion; and b) To agencies that are funded by the Government of Manitoba only, or suppliers of essential services in the Province of Manitoba. On the same terms and conditions of the Agreement and at prices that do not exceed prices charged to Manitoba for the goods/services. It shall be in the sole discretion of such entity whether or not it wishes to receive the benefit of this provision. If an entity wishes to avail itself of this provision, it may do so directly by issuing its own Release Purchase order to the Contractor, in which case any agreement resulting from said Release Purchase Order will be between the entity and the Contractor, and Manitoba will not be a party thereto. VENDOR INFORMATION RIGHT TO REISSUE RFQ Manitoba reserves the right to cancel and/or reissue the RFQ where, in Manitoba's sole opinion, none of the quotes submitted in response to the RFQ warrant acceptance or where it would be in the best interests of Manitoba to do so. Costs incurred in the preparation, presentation and submission of a quote shall be borne entirely by the Bidder. Manitoba shall not reimburse any bidders for any costs if the RFQ is cancelled or reissued. AUTHORIZED VENDOR Manitoba reserves the right, prior to any contract award, to secure evidence to Manitoba's satisfaction that any bidder is the manufacturer r an authorized distributor, dealer or retailer of the goods offered and is authorized to sell these goods in Manitoba, Canada and upon request will provide Manitoba with written evidence thereof. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD FOR "GOODS WITH RELATED SERVICES" DEFINITIONS: "Aboriginal Business" means a business that is at least 51% aboriginal wned and controlled and, if it has six or more full-time employees, at least one-third of its employees must be Aboriginal persons. "Aboriginal Business Directory" means a business directory of Aboriginal businesses that meet Manitoba's definition of an Aboriginal business. 'Aboriginal Business Standard" means terms and conditions that indicate that Aboriginal business participation is desirable but not mandatory. "Aboriginal Person" means a First Nations, Non-status Indian, Métis or Inuit person who is a Canadian citizen and resident of Canada. ABORIGINAL PROCUREMENT INITIATIVE Manitoba is committed to community economic development as a key component of its economic strategy. It intends to develop a provincial economy that is more inclusive, equitable and sustainable. Procurement practices are one means that can be used to contribute to the growth of Aboriginal businesses. In that regard, Manitoba developed the Aboriginal Procurement Initiative (API). The objective of API is to increase the participation of Aboriginal businesses in providing goods and services to Manitoba. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS STANDARD Aboriginal participation is desired but bids will not be disqualified if there is no Aboriginal business participation. ABORIGINAL BUSINESS DIRECTORY Manitoba has established a directory of Aboriginal businesses called the "Aboriginal Business Directory". This directory is a list of Aboriginal businesses (including non profit organizations and economic development corporations) that have self declared as an Aboriginal Business meeting that definition under the API. It is neither comprehensive nor exhaustive but may be a useful resource to identifying Aboriginal businesses for potential partnering or sub-contracting purposes. Aboriginal businesses not listed in the Directory may also be used. Registration in the Aboriginal Business Directory does not guarantee certification as an Aboriginal business, as business status may change; therefore formal certification is required in the formal tender process. Aboriginal businesses are encouraged to register by contacting Procurement Services Branch. For specific inquires related to the Aboriginal Business Directory please contact: Mark Freedman Vendor relations Coordinator Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Infrastructure and Transportation 2nd floor - 270 Osborne Street N. Winnipeg, Manitoba Ph. 204-945-0826 Fax: 204-945-1455 Email: EMAIL_TAG For all other general inquiries related to this tender opportunity, please contact the name of the individual(s) identified on page one of this tender document. INVOICING AND PAYMENT Subject to the following subsections, in consideration the goods provided or delivered to the satisfaction of Manitoba, Manitoba shall pay the Contractor an amount not exceeding the amount specified in the successful Contractor's bid submission. All invoices shall be issued in writing and satisfactory to Manitoba in both form and content. The contractor shall also provide to Manitoba such supporting documents, vouchers, statements and receipts as requested by Manitoba. Manitoba shall endeavor to pay the Contractor any fees due within 30 days net after the receipt and approval of the invoice and any supporting materials requested. CANADIAN FUNDS Manitoba prefers to receive quotations in Canadian funds. If the pricing offered is quoted in a currency other than Canadian then the currency must be clearly identified on the quote document. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE ADDRESS Due to our computerised accounts payable system please advise if your invoice address (accounts receivable) is the same as the address for orders / quotes shown above YES   or NO   If NO provide complete details i.e. box #, street address, city, province, postal code, etc.  MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX LICENSE Are you licensed by Manitoba Finance to collect and remit Manitobas Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO  If NO disregard the following paragraph. MANITOBA'S RETAIL SALES TAX Is the product(s) offered subject to Manitobas Retail Sales Tax YES  or NO   If the quote consists of both taxable (T) and non-taxable ( NT) items please indicate T or NT opposite each item offered. YOUR QUOTATION REFERENCE # ( if applicable)   Proposed Delivery Address: Delivery address: MB Conservation 7 DNR Road Winipeg Beach, MB Attn: Robert Spulnick Phone: PHONENUMBER_TAG TENDERS TO BE RETURNED TO: Procurement Services Branch Manitoba Transportation and Government Services 2nd Flr - 270 Osborne St. N. Winnipeg, MB, Canada. POSTALCODE_TAG (or)FAX quote toPHONENUMBER_TAG 
27714.txt	Opportunity Description: The University of Calgary intends to award the purchase of a FACSAria III Cell Identification and Sorting System to BD Biosciences. The award is based on research continuity with existing equipment. The researcher already has this equipment and requires the same equipment to maintain continuity in research results.
29103.txt	RFQ - Bank Street Road Widening Environmental Assessment Study Addendum #2 has been issued. Addendum #1 has been issued. Description: Request for Qualifications: 19611-96132-Q02 Bank Street Road Widening Environmental Assessment Study Requirement: The City of Ottawa, hereinafter referred to as the City, is seeking qualification submissions to provide professional engineering services to conduct a Municipal Class Environmental Assessment (EA) "Schedule C" to study the proposed widening of Bank Street from Leitrim Road to Rideau Road. This EA will examine a range of alternatives, identify both construction and operational impacts on all aspects of the environment and bring forward a recommended plan detailing mitigation measures, costs and all approvals required to proceed with implementation as opportunities present themselves. Period of Proposed Contract:  The proposed period of contract will be eighteen (18) months from the date of award.  Inquiries: All inquiries regarding this RFQ are to be directed to the Contracting Authority specified herein. Inquiries must be received in writing (e-mail) no later than Tuesday, 18 October 2011. Both the questions and answers will be distributed to all potential Respondents no later than Friday, 21 October 2011, by way of written addendum, without stating the source(s) of the inquiry. This Request for Proposals document is only available from Merx. The bid document MUST be received NO LATER than 3:00 p.m. local time, Monday, 31 October 2011 at the following location: City of Ottawa  Supply Branch 100 Constellation Crescent 4th Floor, West Tower Nepean, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Alison Hill Purchasing Officer Supply Branch Tel: PHONENUMBER_TAG Ext: 14345 Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG E-mail: EMAIL_TAG All information submitted in response to this RFQ is subject to the provisions of the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
39278.txt	LABORATORY SINTERING FURNACE Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: 23584-120507/A MacNeil, Jennifer Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Laboratory Sintering Furnace Natural Resources Canada (NRCan) has a requirement for the purchase of one (1) Laboratory Sintering Furnace as detailed in the Request For Proposal (RFP), for delivery to Hamilton, Ontario on or before March 31, 2012. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. MacNeil, Jennifer 11 Laurier St./ 11 rue, Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37297.txt	Dieppe Park Ice Rink State-of-Good-repair Professional and Technical Services Description: Dieppe Park Ice Rink State-of-Good-repair Professional and Technical Services For: Professional & Technical Services Required for the State of Good Repair Improvements to the Dieppe Park Ice Rink and Building. Questions about this RFP should be directed in writing to Mike Voelker, CSCMP at e-mail EMAIL_TAG. For more information, please refer to Appendix A, RFP Process Terms and Conditions, Section 4, Questions. The last day for questions with respect to this RFP is January 16, 2012 at 1.00 p.m. Issue date: December 12, 2011 Closing date: January 20, 2012 at 12:00 Noon Notes: Viewing Copy 9117-11-5089 Viewing Copy.pdf (1029 Kbytes) - Posted on 12/12/2011 12:06:16 PM The addenda and/or other files listed above are included with the Call Document purchase price but must be downloaded as separate documents. To view the document, click on its filename. To save it to your workstation, right-click on the document's filename, then select "Save Target As..." (or "Save Link As...").Get Acrobat Pre-bid meeting: Interested bidders are required to attend a mandatory site meeting at Dieppe Park on December 21, 2011, commencing at 1:00 p.m. Bidders will meet at Dieppe Park Ice Rink 455 Cosburn Ave. East York POSTALCODE_TAG Site meetings will not be available at any other times. Bidders must sign in with the City's representative at the mandatory site meeting during the designated ate and time for their bid to be considered. Submissions from Bidders that do not attend the mandatory site meeting shall be declared informal. Buyer: Voelker, Mike Phone number: 416-338-0487 Email: EMAIL_TAG Location: City Hall, 19th Floor West Tower Client Division: Parks, Forestry and Recreation   Non-refundable document fee:  $50.00 + 6.50 HST = $56.50  Scope of work: MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS FOR PROJECT TEAM MEMBERSHIP The proponent team will include  a licensed Architect a full member in good standing for a minimum of 5 years with OAA, and  at least one team member with a Certificate of Authorization as a Mechanical Engineer in Ontario (PEO), good standing minimum 5 years,  at least one team member with a Certificate of Authorization as a structural Engineer in Ontario (PEO), good standing minimum 5 years The scope of work shall include but not be limited to the following: Summary of Work -Design Objectives The following state of good repair work listed below in Section 3.2 has been identified in a facility audit carried out in (YEAR), and just recently reconfirmed with operations staff as the project scope of work. Secondly, the City of Toronto is currently reconstructing a similar facility elsewhere in the City to incorporate a roof structure over top of the boarded area of the ice pad, and a skating trail concept for the public skating area. The successful proponent will be required to develop and provide a cost estimate for two redevelopment concepts, one consistent with the existing layout, and the second incorporating a skating trail or island concept that would require up to a 25% increase in the overall size of the skating surface. Both concepts should incorporate allowances for footings for a new roof structure as described below. Determination of the preferred option will be budget dependent and made in consultation with Parks Forestry & Recreation staff and the local councillor's office. General Scope of Work The Successful Proponent is required to provide a comprehensive review and report on the buildings structure and integrity, provide detailed inspections/investigations, designs, drawings and specifications to carry out the rehabilitation of the facility. The scope of work must include but may not be limited to the following work: 3.2.1 Refrigeration Upgrades 3.2.2 Zamboni Building Upgrades 3.2.3 Changing Rooms Upgrades Review in-coming water services Phases of Work: 3.3.1 – Investigation And Detailed Design Development 3.3.2 – Contract Documentation 3.3.3 – Contract Administration Please refer to the Specifications included in the RFQ document for a detailed description. Please visit URL_TAG for additional information.  MERX asks that you contact the buying agency directly to obtain associated documents.  The contact information can be found within  the notice abstract. 
39263.txt	Removal and diposal of Radioactive Materials This requirement is subject to the provisions of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT), the Canada - Chile Free Trade Agreement (CCFTA), Canada - Colombia Free Trade Agreement and the Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement (CPFTA). REQUIREMENT By means of this RFP, NRCan is seeking proposals from bidders for removing, transporting, and permanently disposing of surplus radioactive materials. CONDITIONS OF THE REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) There shall be no direct payment by NRCan for costs incurred for the presentation and submission of proposals in response to this RFP.  ESTIMATED CONTRACT PERIOD The period of the contract shall be from contract award to 31 March 2012. SOLICITATION/BID CLOSING DATE AND SUBMISSION OF PROPOSALS The deadline for submissions of bids in response to this RFP is February 08, 2012 @ 14:00 (E.S.T.).  Proposals must be directed to: Bid Receiving Unit - Mailroom Natural Resources Canada Loading Dock  588 Booth Street Ottawa, Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG ATTENTION: Serge Tshimanga RFP: NRCan-5000009411 NRCan will not assume responsibility for proposals directed to any other location. Proposals not received in the Bid Receiving Unit by the closing time, will be return to the Bidder unopened.  ENQUIRIES All enquiries concerning this RFP must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Authority as early as possible within the bidding period. Enquiries must be received no less than five (5) calendar days prior to the bid closing date to allow sufficient time to provide a response. Enquiries received after that time may not be able to be answered prior to the bid closing date. SITE VISIT  It is strongly recommended that the Bidder or a representative of the Bidder visit the work site. Arrangements have been made for a tour of the work site. The site visit will be held on January 17th, 2012 at 1:30 P.M. (Eastern Standard EST) at 601 Booth Street in Ottawa, ON. Bidders should communicate with the Contracting Authority no later than 2 day(s) before the scheduled visit to confirm attendance and provide the name(s) of the person(s) who will attend. Bidders who do not confirm attendance and provide the name(s) of the person(s) who will attend as required will not be allowed access to the site. Bidders will be requested to sign an attendance form. Bidders who do not attend or send a representative will not be given an alternative appointment but they will not be precluded from submitting a bid. Any clarifications or changes to the bid solicitation resulting from the site visit will be included as an amendment to the bid solicitation. MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS 1) Bidders MUST have at least five (5) years experience within the last ten (10) years of successfully managing projects similar in nature and scope (disposal and/or transport of hazardous materials). 2) Bidders MUST identify a Project Manager and all proposed personnel including; their roles and responsibilities. 3) Bidder's proposed Project Manager MUST have experience in the managing project of similar nature and scope (disposal and/or transport of hazardous materials). RIGHTS OF NRCAN NRCan reserves the right to: - Seek clarification or obtain verification of statements made in a proposal; - Reject any or all proposals received in response to this RFP;   - Enter into negotiations with one or more Bidders on any or all aspects of its proposal; - Accept any proposal in whole or in part without prior negotiation; - Cancel and/or re-issue this RFP at any time; - Verify any or all information provided by the Bidder with respect to this RFP including references; - Retain all proposals submitted in response to this RFP; - Declare a proposal non-compliant if NRCan determines during the evaluation phase, that the Bidder does not have the legal status, facilities and technical, financial and managerial capabilities to fulfill the requirements stated herein; - Discontinue the evaluation of any proposals which are determined, at any stage of the evaluation process, to be non-compliant.  
35425.txt	LED Roadway Light Fixtures - Saint John Harbour Bridge - NB Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG Amendment #3   Please Note: Items 7 & 8 on the attached checklist have been changed. All other information remains the same.  Amendment #2   Please Note: A checklist has been attached to this tender to help ensure vendors  prepare a complete submission. Vendors should read the attachments carefully and ensure all  the required information is submitted. Submissions that do not provide the necessary information for GNB to complete a proper evaluation will not be further considered.  All such decisions are final. All other information remains the same.  Amendment #1   Please Note: The Province has received the following questions: Q1. Is there drawings available done to scale or with reference dimensions in  either CAD r PDF format? A1. As per the tender specifications a site drawing can be obtained in .dwg format  for rendering purposes, by contacting Endre Raduly at 1-506-457-4848 or e-mail EMAIL_TAG. Q2. In the specifications, section 3.1.2 states: "for rendering purposes the  .ies files to be used at pole numbers 6, 7, 12 and 13 shall be the one for the light fixture  LED Roadway Lighting #SAT-72M-350mA-5128-87W 4500K-Tc and can be found at URL_TAG" Are these 4 locations brand specific? Or is this to show the minimum performance  to be proposed? A2. These location are exiting lights, not to be replaced. Product specifications  were provided for informational purposes only. All other information remains the same.  Each proponent should submit 2 hard copies (1 original and 1 copy). The original  hard copy will be retained by the Central Purchasing branch of the Department of Supply  and Services. It is the responsibility of the proponent to ensure that the original  and the copy contain the same information. ANY QUESTIONS (must be mailed or faxed) ON THIS TENDER SHOULD BE SUBMITTED A  MINIMUM OF 5 WORKING DAYS PRIOR TO CLOSING TO ALLOW TIME FOR A PROPER RESPONSE. Any questions regarding this Invitation to Tender are to be directed, in writing,  to the attention of DENISE CHESSIE. Please reference the tender number & closing date to  ensure a prompt, accurate reply. NOTE: In order to speed up requests, inquiries submitted  by fax are acceptable Fax Number: PHONENUMBER_TAG. The use of Email is NOT acceptable.  Responses to questions will be issued via a tender Amendment. Should you experience any difficulty viewing or downloading the Tender documents, attachments or information contained herein, please contact the NBON Help Line at Tel: 1-800-561-1422 or Tel: 1-877-231-8800. PLEASE NOTE : PDF attachments detailing specifications and project drawings are  attached. For those vendors that have downloaded documents from other tender sites you will  need to access the New Brunswick Opportunities Network at URL_TAGr  tender number 0342050 You will be required to register as a vendor to download. This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must obtain official  tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized  tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. RETURN TO: CENTRAL TENDERING BRANCH P.O. Box 8000  Fredericton, N.B.  POSTALCODE_TAG  Marysville Place Room Number 205, 20 McGloin Street Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG Fax: PHONENUMBER_TAG  Public opening of bids will take place on closing day at 14:00 Atlantic Time, in  Marysville Place, Room 205, 20 McGloin Street, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG. All bids must be stated in Canadian Funds. All tenders must be F.O.B. destination, freight prepaid. Sales taxes should not be included in the unit, extended or total prices. This Invitation is being conducted under the provisions of the Public Purchasing  Act and Regulation as of the date of the issuance of the Invitation. Bidders may  btain a copy of the Act and Regulation from The Queen's Printer, Province of  N.B., P.O. Box 6000, Fredericton, N.B. POSTALCODE_TAG The Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms & Conditions for Goods and Services apply  to this procurement and are considered to be incorporated into this document. By  submitting a bid, you agree and accept these terms and conditions. Current "Atlantic  Provinces Standard Terms and Conditions" are available on the New Brunswick  Opportunities Network, the Council of Atlantic Premiers' Website or from an authorized  service provider. A bidder must obtain official bid documents from a distribution service, authorized  by the Minister of Supply and Services, in order to submit a bid. The current  authorized distribution services are the New Brunswick Opportunities Network  (NBON) (operated by the Department of Supply and Services, Province of NB),  BIDS (operated by Tendering Publications Ltd.) and MERX (operated by  Mediagrif Interactive Technologies). Failure to submit the official bid documents  r provide proof that the official bid documents were properly obtained will result in  rejection of the bid. In order to facilitate the evaluation process, Bidders are  requested to respond in the same format as the official bid documents. For procurements which are not subject to the provisions of one or more of the  interprovincial procurement agreements, the Province of New Brunswick reserves  the right to apply Provincial or regional Preferences, consider local content in  the evaluation of bids and/or refuse to consider bids from vendors from other  jurisdictions when it is considered to be in the best interests of the Province.  When determining the use of these conditions, the Province will consider, among  ther factors, the extent to which New Brunswick vendors have access to equivalent procurement  pportunities in those jurisdictions and the treatment accorded by those jurisdictions  to bids from New Brunswick vendors. The Province will be the sole judge of whether  these conditions will be used and the extent to which they will be applied. All discounts quoted will be considered to be without limitations. Payment of invoices is the responsibility of the department or organization to  whom the goods are shipped or services are supplied. Award of contracts: no contract shall be awarded and no payment shall be made to  a vendor unless authorized by the Minister or his delegates. The Minister may  make an award to the preferred vendor conditional on the negotiation and acceptance  f a detailed contract between the Province and the vendor. In such cases, should  the detailed contract negotiations not be completed in a reasonable period of  time, the Province reserves the right to discontinue negotiations with the vendor  and subsequently enter into negotiations with the second preferred vendor. No right or duty, in whole or in part, of the vendor under a contract issued may  be assigned or delegated without the prior consent of the Central Purchasing Branch. Unless the Central Purchasing Branch has determined otherwise prior to tender  closing, all prices must be extended and totalled. Direct Deposit The province of New Brunswick is now using Direct Deposit as the standard method of government payments. Suppliers are required to provide bank account  information (and email address if available) for remittance. Please send the completed Direct Deposit Form to the New Brunswick Internal  Services Agency as indicated on the form. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION SUPPLY DEPOT 119 Currie Avenue P.O BOX 6000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG 1: Unit of measure : Each Quantity: 1 Organisation id : 2969 Description :  This tender is for the design, supply and delivery of Light-Emitting Diodes  (LED) roadwaylight fixtures, complete with all necessary hardware to upgrade the  roadway lighting. Please see attached specifications, requirements and drawing. The new light fixtures will be installed on owner supplied poles, by others, on the Saint John Harbour Bridge, west approach traffic calming. - PLEASE INCLUDE SHIPPING CHARGES IN UNIT PRICING. - THIS TENDER WILL BE AWARDED BASED ON THE WEIGHTED CRITERIA INCLUDED IN THE ATTACHMENT. No totals required. This procurement is not subject to the provisions of interprovincial procurement  agreements. Vendors are advised to read the Atlantic Provinces Standard Terms  and Conditions for Goods and Services Invitations carefully before submitting a  bid. Denise Chessie Central Tendering Branch Section Centrale des appels d'offres P O Box 8000 - C.P. 8000 Fredericton New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG 
29266.txt	RFP-108-551-11 Multi-Family, Schools and Eco Centre Recycling Collection and Processing Services Aquatera Utilities Inc. invites interested and qualified contractors to submit a proposal for Multi-Family, Schools and Eco Centre Recycling Collection and Processing Services. URL_TAG 
39271.txt	53' Aluminum van & Chassis for marine containers Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Aluminum van & Extendable chassis for marine containers Purchase and delivery of two Aluminum van and one extendable chassis for marine containers for the Department of National Defence, Longue-Pointe Garisson in Montreal, QC. Quantity: 1 Aluminum van with tandem chassis 1 Aluminum van with tridem chassis 1 Extendable chassis for marine containers (40'-53') Delivery is required no later than March 31, 2012 All the details regarding this request are indicated in the Request for proposal. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Jutras, Jessie Place Bonaventure, portail Sud-Est 800, rue de La Gauchetière Ouest 7 ième étage Montréal Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
31233.txt	NOTE: This RFP is NOT downloadable. RFP No. 11-177 Centennial Beach Redevelopment Project Phase 2 - Consulting Engineering Ser vices Advertised on the Metro Vancouver website URL_TAG ds/Pages/ default.aspx) and BC Bid URL_TAG Information for Proponents The Greater Vancouver Regional District, hereinafter referred to as the "Co rporation", invites Proposals for the Centennial Beach Redevelopment Project Phase 2 - Consulting Engineering Services. SCOPE:  Metro Vancouver requires the completion of design drawings and specificatio ns based on the current concept plan. Some site analysis is required to develop design draw ings to accommodate recreation facilities and deliver the proposed public facilitie s. Request for Proposal (RFP) documents may be viewed at or obtained from the Purchasing Department, 5th Floor, 4330 Kingsway, Burnaby, BC, Tel. PHONENUMBER_TAG. Th is RFP is not available to be downloaded from the Metro Vancouver website due to the form at of the RFP, which contains a CD-ROM. Please return your Proposal in a sealed package, to the following specific physical location not later than 2:00:00 p.m. local time on the 24th day of November , 2011 (the "Proposal Closing"): Purchasing & Mail Reception, Metro Vancouver, 5th Floor, 4330 Kingsway, Burnaby, BC POSTALCODE_TAG The time of Proposal Closing shall be established by the time shown on the clock used by the Corporation for that purpose. For further information please contact: Dragan Sipka, Buyer at (604) 432 - 6326. Please be sure to read the RFP document in its entirety before submitting y ur Proposal. Purchasing's hours of business are 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Monday through F riday. In order to make bid results easily and readily available to all, and to th ereby eliminate the need for some Proponents to travel to Metro Vancouver Head Office to at tend the public pening, Metro Vancouver will endeavour to post the list of Proponents on t he Metro Vancouver we Jo Gatpandan Greater Vancouver Regional District (Metro Vancouver) 4330 Kingsway Burnaby British Columbia POSTALCODE_TAG Contact : Jo Gatpandan Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : BC Adresse Web : URL_TAG
30116.txt	Naval Remote Weapon Station Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: N/A - P&A/LOI Only Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Naval Remote Weapon Station (NRWS) - Letter of Interest Amendment 1 W8472-125389/A Michael Rancourt Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG This Letter of Interest amendment 001 is to: - release the firm dates, and event agenda for the Naval Remote Weapon Station Industry Day, which will be held in Esquimalt B.C. The confirmed dates for the event are January 10th, 11th and 12th, 2012. - correct a formatting error on Annex C, Requested Cost Breakdown Structure. - extend the Letter of Interest closing date from February 28, 2012 to March 30th, 2012. - remove Annex D, NRWS Ship Installation "Green Zones" and "Red Zones." This document is not ready for release, and will not be part of this Letter of Interest. Note that at this time, there is no firm requirement for procurement. This LOI is neither a call for tender nor a Request for Proposal (RFP), and no agreement or contract for the procurement of the equipment stated above will be entered into solely as a result f this LOI. There will be no short-listing of vendors for the purposes of undertaking any future work, as a result of this LOI. Similarly, participation in this LOI is not a condition or prerequisite for the participation to any RFP. All enquiries related to this notice are to be forwarded to the PWGSC Contracting identified herein either by phone (819-956-3930) or e-mail (EMAIL_TAG) Additional information regarding the LOI process, Industry Day, and preliminary requirements are provided in the LOI document. Four (4) hard copies and four (4) soft copies of the information packages are requested. Supplier point of contact info should be included in the package. Suppliers are asked to submit their NRWS information package to the PWGSC Contracting Authority: Michael Rancourt Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) Defence and Major Projects Sector (DMPS) Electronics, Simulators, and Defence Systems Division (QF) 11 Laurier Street, Place du Portage, Phase III, 8C2-8 Gatineau, QC, POSTALCODE_TAG Ph: 819-956-3930 Fax: 819-956-0767 EMAIL_TAG Delivery Date: 30/03/2012 The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Michael Rancourt 11 Laurier St. / 11, rue Laurier 8C2, Place du Portage Gatineau Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37339.txt	SPECTROMETER Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: SPECTROMETER Environment Canada, Canada Centre for Inland Waters located at Burlington, Ontario requires the supply and installation of a Liquid Chromatograph System with a Tandem Mass Spectrometer (LC-MS/MS). Delivery is required as soon as possible but no later than March 31, 2012. The system will be used for chemical identification and/or quantification in an analytical/research environment. Material for analysis could range from aqueous solutions to organics or multi component samples requiring analysis of non-volatile and labile compounds. The system must include, at a minimum, the following components: an autosampler, a column heater, a LC pump system, a tandem mass spectrometer (MS/MS), software which allow computer control of LC and MS/MS, a local console controller for the UHPLC pump that is independent of computer installed software peration, a computer which the UHPLC andMicrosoftsoftware will be installed on (with keyboard, monitor, and mouse), on-site training, and installation. Bidders must conduct test on specimens they received by contacting Environment Canada. Bidder must submit their test results as part of their bid package in order to be considered in the point-rated evaluation. The proposed bids will be evaluated and contract award will be based on the best value taking into account technical merit and price among proposals meeting the mandatory criteria of the Request for Proposal. Please refer to the Request for Proposal for the complete list of the mandatory and point-rated requirements. Delivery Date: 30/03/2012 The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Amador, Ketty Ontario Region 33 City Centre Drive Suite 480 Mississauga Ontario POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
37567.txt	TRUCK, FORKLIFT Trade Agreement: NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: TRUCK, FORKLIFT W8476-123575/A Dominic Forcier Telephone: PHONENUMBER_TAG Facsimile: PHONENUMBER_TAG Email: EMAIL_TAG AMENDMENT 001 This amendment is raised to provide questions with answers to potential bidders as follows: 1. Purchase Description: Page 4 of 11 1.4 Configuration Capability Table Reach 3.4.1 (e) 24 in Configuration A & B Please advise if a reach mechanism with the capability of moving the load forward a total of 23.2 inches would be acceptable. Answer: Yes - a reach capability of 23.2-inch will be acceptable. Items corresponding to "REACH" referring para 3.4.1(e) for both configurations "A" and "B" in the Configuration Capability Table f section 1.4, page 4 in the Purchase Description should be amended to read 589 mm (23.2 inches) instead of 610 mm (24 inches). All other terms and conditions remain the same.   The Department of National Defence has a requirement to purchase ne (1), Forklift, Reach Type, Straddle Walkie Stacker (Configuration A) and related items and four (4) Forklift, Reach Type, Straddle Walkie Stacker (Configuration B) and related items, including familiarization instruction/training in accordance with the Purchase Description for Truck, Forklift, Reach Type, Straddle Walkie Stacker, dated December 05, 2011 and as described at Annex A - Pricing, to be delivered at Canadian Forces Base Valcartier in Courcelette and (CFB) Montreal, Quebec by March 15, 2012. The requirement includes an option to purchase up to three (3), Forklift, Reach Type, Straddle Walkie Stacker (Configuration A) and related items and six (6), Forklift, Reach Type, Straddle Walkie Stacker (Configuration B) and related items, to be exercised within twelve (12) months from the effective date of the contract. Debriefings After contract award, bidders may request a debriefing on the results of the bid solicitation. Bidders should make the request to the Contracting Authority within fifteen (15) working days of receipt of notification that their bid was unsuccessful. The debriefing may be provided in writing, by telephone or in person. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Forcier, Dominic 11 Laurier St./11, rue Laurier 6B1, Place du Portage, Phase III Gatineau, Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
30436.txt	DND-VAL Meat-Poultry Trade Agreement: Agreement on Internal Trade (AIT) Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: YES (MERX) Electronic Competitive Procurement Strategy: Best Overall Proposal Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: DESCRIPTION: This Regional Individual Standing Offer (RISO) request involves the provision, on an as and when ordered basis, of Meat and Poultry. IDENTIFIED USER: Department of National Defence, various sites of the Valcartier Garrison, Courcelette, province of Quebec. PERIOD OF STANDING PROPOSAL: From September 1, 2011 to October 31, 2012, divided into five (5) periods: One (1) two-(2-) month period and four (4) three-(3-) month periods. Note: Offers will have to be submitted for each period, as per the schedule in Annex "B". One or more Standing Offers could be issued for each period. DELIVERY: NOTE: Delivery days and hours must be respected. If an offeror can not meet this requirement, he will have to clearly specify his delivery possibilities on his offer. The client will then determine if the proposed days and hours can be acceptable. If not, the offer will not be considered. DELIVERY DND-VAL (VARIOUS SITES)  Delivery addresses Delivery hours and specifications Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison Courcelette (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG  Kitchens 505, 510, 511 From Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. Dépôts des rations Units - Building # 188 Back door - J From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 15:30 PM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Frequency may vary according to the units exercise calendar. Camp Vimy From Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. r according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: During the months of May, June, July and August, quantities could double. Cadets kitchen Building CC-119 Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: From May to August, no call-ups will be made. This is a mandatory requirement: Invoices must be sent to the following address: Unité régionale de Soutien aux Cadets (Est) A/S O Alim Adjuc R. Audet C.P. 100 Succursale Bureau-Chef Richelain (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison (Old Quebec)  Citadelle of Québec C-14 and C-18 From Monday to Friday, between 7:00 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Due to the dimensions of the entrance to the Citadelle in Old Quebec, the supplier will have to verify that his delivery trucks can access the site. This is a mandatory requirement. From June to Labor Day, no deliveries can be made to the Citadelle site between 9:30 and 11:00 a.m. Pointe-à-Carcy's Naval Reserve From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:00 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. Department of National Defence Valcartier Garrison (Quebec City)  Manège militaire St-Malo 1020, Vincent-Massé Street Saint-Malo Industrial Park Boulevard Charest Québec (Québec) From Monday to Friday, between 7:30 AM and 11:30 AM. or according to the instructions on the call-up document. IMPORTANT: Between September and May, an average of one delivery per week. Delivery delay: Delivery will be made within forty-eight (48) hours following an authorized order. Back Orders: For all back order items, the supplier will contact the person whose name will appear on the order form, in order to make arrangements. Packaging: The supplier will deliver the goods packed by order, to facilitate dispatch to each consignee. NOTE: For Building CC-119, the invoices must be sent to the following address: Unité régionale de Soutien aux Cadets (Est) A/S O Alim Adjuc R. Audet C.P. 100 Succursale Bureau-Chef Richelain (Québec) POSTALCODE_TAG QUANTITIES: The estimated quantities for each of the required items can be found in Annex B - Working Document - List of products. APPROXIMATE SCOPE OF THE STANDING PROPOSAL: The approximate scope of the Standing Proposal is $630,000.00 for the period from September 1, 2011 to October 31, 2012 inclusive. TRADE AGREEMENTS: "The requirement is subject to a preference for Canadian goods and/or services". Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Fournier, Caroline Gare Maritime Champlain Champlain Maritime Harbour 901, Cap Diamant Québec City Québec POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
36957.txt	ACC Greenhouse SCOPE OF WORK .1 This section to be read in conjunction with Division 0, Bid Documents, and Division 1, General Requirements. This Section applies to and governs each mechanical section in Division 15 of this Project Manual. .2 All drawings and all sections of the specifications apply to and form an integral part f this section. .3 Provide fully operational mechanical systems in complete accordance with applicable codes and bylaws. .4 The drawings for mechanical work are performance drawings. They are generally diagrammatic and are not to scale unless detailed otherwise. They establish scope, material and installation quality and are not detailed installation instructions showing every offset, fitting, valve or every difficulty encountered during execution f work and will not be used as an excuse for deficiencies or omissions. .5 Follow Manufacturers' recommendations for installation supplemented by contract documents, unless otherwise specified by the Consultant. Any discrepancies must be brought to the Consultant's attention in writing prior to the close of tenders. .6 Connect to equipment specified in other sections and to equipment supplied and installed by other Contractors or by the Owner. 
31220.txt	Opportunity Description: THE SOUTH WEST SOLID WASTE COMMISSION REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL #SWSWC2011-01 ONE (1) ONLY 20 Tonne Class Excavator Closing: November 16, 2011 @ 2:00 PM Local Time Specification document attached For more information please contact: Michael Young at PHONENUMBER_TAG This is a tender notice only. In order to submit a bid, you must btain official tender documents from the New Brunswick Opportunities Network, another authorized tendering service or as indicated in the tender notice. EARTHMOVING AND EXCAVATING EQUIPMENT     THE SOUTH WEST SOLID WASTE COMMISSION REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL #SWSWC2011-01 ONE (1) ONLY 20 Tonne Class Excavator Closing: November 16, 2011 @ 2:00 PM Local Time Specification document attached For more information please contact: Michael Young at PHONENUMBER_TAG La présente est un avis d'appel d'offres seulement. Afin de présenter une soumission, vous devez obtenir les documents de soumission officiels en vous adressant au Réseau de possibilités d'affaires du Nouveau-Brunswick, à un service de distribution autorisé ou à une autre source telle qu'indiquée dans l'avis d'appel d'offres. EQUIPEMENTS DE TERRASSEMENT ET D'EXCAVATION     Administrative address is SOUTH WEST SOLID WASTE COMMISSION P.O. Box 70 ST. STEPHEN, New Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG     L'adresse administrative est SOUTH WEST SOLID WASTE COMMISSION P.O. Box 70 ST. STEPHEN, Nouveau-Brunswick POSTALCODE_TAG
32481.txt	Air Conditioning Units - RISO Trade Agreement: WTO-AGP/NAFTA/AIT/Canada-Peru FTA/Canada-Colombia FTA Tendering Procedures: All interested suppliers may submit a bid Attachment: None Competitive Procurement Strategy: Lowest/Lower Bid Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement: No Nature of Requirements: Air Conditioning Units - RISO W0134-11L667/A Taylor, Ian Telephone No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Fax No. - PHONENUMBER_TAG Regional Individual Standing Offer for the supply, delivery and ff-loading of various types of Air Conditioning (AC) units including parts and components as required to the Department of National Defence (DND), 4 Wing Cold Lake, Cold Lake, Alberta. The Department of National Defence (DND), 4 Wing Cold Lake currently has various types of AC units thoughout their base. Units vary in size, style and manufacturer. The use of the term "AC unit" in this solicitation includes not only air conditioners but heat pumps, coolers and other types of cooling systems. The period of the standing offer will be for two (2) years. This Public Works and Government Services Canada office provides service to the public in English. This requirement is subject to the provisions of the World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement, the North American Free Trade Agreement, the Agreement on Internal Trade, the Canada-Chile Free Trade Agreement and Canada-Peru Free Trade Agreement. Delivery Date: Above-mentioned The Crown retains the right to negotiate with suppliers on any procurement. Documents may be submitted in either official language of Canada. Taylor, Ian Telus Plaza North/Plaza Telus Nord 10025 Jasper Ave./10025 ave Jasper 5th floor/5e étage Edmonton Alberta POSTALCODE_TAG PHONENUMBER_TAG  
36944.txt	Service and Waste Removal Description: Service and Waste Removal Quotations are invited for the supply of all skilled labour, tools, equipment, materials, supplies, insurance, transportation, fuel and any and all other incidentals necessary for the collection, removal and disposal of garbage, junk, litter, and debris from various private and public properties designated by the Municipal Licensing and Standards Division throughout the City of Toronto (City) on an as required basis from the date of award to December 31, 2012 with the option to renew the contract for one (1) separate and additional one (1) year period. Issue date: December 7, 2011 Closing date: December 28, 2011 at 12:00 Noon Notes: Viewing Copy 6033-11-3268.Viewing Copy.pdf (705 Kbytes) - Posted on 12/07/2011 02:37:59 PM The addenda and/or other files listed above are included with the Call Document purchase price but must be downloaded as separate documents. To view the document, click on its filename. To save it to your workstation, right-click on the document's filename, then select "Save Target As..." (or "Save Link As...").Get Acrobat Buyer: Greg Kapel Phone number: 416-338-5588 Email: EMAIL_TAG Location: City Hall, 17th Floor West Tower Client Division: Municipal Licensing and Standards   Non-refundable document fee:  $25.00 + 3.25 HST = $28.25  Security deposit:  No Scope of work: Quotations are invited for the supply of all skilled labour, tools, equipment, materials, supplies, insurance, transportation, fuel and any and all other incidentals necessary for the collection, removal and disposal of garbage, junk, litter, and debris from various private and public properties Award: It is the intent of the City to award a Contract or Purchase Order to one (1) Bidder based on the Bidder meeting the response requirements, specification and providing the lowest grand total cost as shown in Section 11.0 Pricing: In order for your Bid to be considered, the Bidder must provide pricing on all items listed in Schedule "A". Quotations that do not include pricing on all Products and/or Services listed will be declared non-compliant. Background The City of Toronto requires under Chapter 548 of the Toronto Municipal Code that all private and public property be maintained free from garbage, junk, litter and debris such as old furniture, appliances, household refuse and building materials. When property owners or their agents fail to comply with a directive to remove the garbage, junk, litter and debris as required, the City of Toronto may perform the work. The garbage, junk, litter and debris is normally loose and requires the collection from various areas of vacant and on occupied land. The collected garbage, junk, litter and debris is then transported to an approved transfer station or disposal/recycling facility where a weigh scale ticket (receipt) is generated confirming the time of the transaction and the amount of garbage, junk, litter and debris deposited. Scope The Successful Bidder shall be capable of providing, and shall provide all permits, skilled labour and labour expenses, tools and equipment, materials, supplies, insurance, transportation, maintenance, fuel and any and all other costs associated with the work to collect, pack, remove, and clean the private and public property of all garbage, junk, litter and debris. The Successful Bidder will be provided with a list of properties where the work is to be performed, as and when required and transport the waste to an approved transfer station or disposal/recycling facility in accordance with all the applicable regulations and procedures prescribed in Section 7.4. The Successful Bidder shall be responsible for the supply and the completion of all Ministry of the Environment (M.O.E.) manifests. Please visit URL_TAG for additional information.  MERX asks that you contact the buying agency directly to obtain associated documents.  The contact information can be found within  the notice abstract. 
39135.txt	The Supply of One (1) 2012 - 33 Passenger Bus The Supply of One (1) 2012 - 33 Passenger Bus URL_TAG 
36936.txt	The objective of this project is to convert the flood hazard linework shown on 121 paper-based flood hazard maps into an approved digital GIS format, using a documented process and satisfying specific accuracy requirements. Map scans will be provided to the Contractor as TIF images and must be georeferenced and/or rectified satisfying the accuracy and documentation requirements specified in Appendix E Specific Terms of Reference. The flood hazard linework shown on the maps must be digitized into ESRI-compatible GIS digital assets satisfying the format, accuracy and documentation requirements in Appendix E Specific Terms of Reference. Contact : Peter Onyshko MSc PEng Téléphone : PHONENUMBER_TAG Télécopieur : PHONENUMBER_TAG Région(s) concernée(s) : OPEN Adresse Web : URL_TAG
31204.txt	Opportunity Description: The University of Alberta is inviting Proposals for the supply of a Fatigue Testing Machine - rated 2000 lb (9 kN) for the department of Mechanical Engineering at the University of Alberta.
27711.txt	Opportunity Description: Tenders are requested on behalf of Alberta Tourism, Parks and Recreation for Architectural Services within the Kananaskis Region. Services may include supplying architectural, interior design, drafting services and creating conceptual or detailed design packages for various buildings and facilities within the Kananaskis Region as required and requested by the Departments Representative. Please refer to the Instructions to Bidders document which is part of the APC package. As not all vendors will be able to provide all the services listed, please specify under separate sheet on contractor's letterhead, what services contractor is interested in and capable of supplying.
39222.txt	RFP-01-323-12 Fire Department Radio Upgrade and Maintenance Services The City of Grande Prairie is requesting submissions for the GP Fire Department radio upgrade and maintenance project. Attendance at a Pre-Bid Information Session for Thursday, January 12, 2012 at 10:00:00 am at the South fire Hall (8111 Resources Road, Grande Prairie) is encouraged. URL_TAG 
